Lightly spray a 9-inch pie pan with baking spray. Set aside. Mix 1/4 cup flour, vinegar and 1/2 cup ice water together in a small bowl with a wire whisk. Mix well, making a slurry. Combine remaining flour and SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener together in a medium mixing bowl. Cut in shortening using a pastry cutter or two knives until mixture resembles a very coarse meal. Add slurry. Mix with a spoon until just blended. Add more water as necessary. Divide dough in half. Place halves on a lightly floured work surface. Press halves into circles using the palm of your hand. Cover dough with plastic wrap and chill for approximately 1 hour. This allows the dough to relax or become less resistant to rolling. It also causes the shortening to chill and become firmer, thus making the dough easier to handle. Remove one circle of dough from the refrigerator. Roll out dough on a lightly floured work surface. Roll the dough, using a rolling pin, into an 11 or 12-inch circle. Roll from the center of the dough out to the edges while applying light pressure. Sprinkle flour over the top of the dough as necessary to prevent sticking to the rolling pin. Lift edges of dough and sprinkle under the dough with flour to prevent dough from sticking to the work surface. Roll dough onto rolling pin to transfer to the pie pan. Unroll the pie dough starting at one side of the pie pan. Place in the prepared 9-inch pie pan. For a two-crust pie, roll out remaining crust on a floured work surface. Place filling on top of crust in the pie pan. Place second crust on top of the filling. Crimp edges by first folding the two crusts together. Next, press your thumb against the inside edge of the pastry and press dough around your thumb using the index finger and thumb of your other hand. Repeat around entire pie to create a fluted edge. Brush surface with milk before baking for a more even and golden brown. Bake in preheated 375 degrees F oven 50-60 minutes or until the crust is browned and the filling is bubbling. Cool pie approx. 1 hour before serving.