The day before you plan to roast the turkey, make the Brine: In a stockpot, bring the water, salt, black peppercorns, cloves, ginger, and bay leaves to a boil. Reduce the heat to maintain a simmer and stir in the honey and maple syrup until well blended. Turn off the heat and leave the brine to cool to room temperature. Rinse the turkey inside and out with cold tap water. Immerse the turkey completely in the brine, either in the stockpot or, if necessary, in a clean basin large enough to hold the turkey and submerge it completely. Place a weight on top of the turkey to hold it down securely beneath the brine's surface. Refrigerate and leave the turkey in the brine for at least 4 hours or as long as overnight. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a shallow roasting pan, place the carrots, celery and onions. Remove the turkey from brine. In a mixing bowl, mash the butter together with the garlic, chopped sage, and chopped rosemary. Inserting your hands through the bird's neck opening, gently loosen the skin from the flesh above the breast. Rub the butter mixture evenly under the skin. Insert the apples, onions, and whole sage and rosemary sprigs into the cavity of the turkey. Place the turkey on top of the vegetables in the roasting pan, breast side up. Tuck the wings back and under the turkey. Using kitchen twine, tie the ends of the drumsticks together to make a compact shape for a more attractive presentation. Drizzle the turkey with olive oil and rub it into the skin. Transfer the turkey to the preheated oven and roast it until the breast meat registers 165 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part not touching bone, about 2 1/2 hours. If the skin appears to be browning too quickly, tent the bird with a sheet of aluminum foil. While the turkey is roasting prepare the Turkey Stock: Heat a saucepan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add the olive oil and heat. Add the neck and giblets and saute until evenly browned, about 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, add the Port, and stir and scrape with a wooden spoon to deglaze the pan deposits. Return the pan to the heat and cook until the port is almost completely evaporated, about 10 minutes. Add the carrots, onions, celery, rosemary and peppercorns. Cover with cold water by 4 inches. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer for 2 hours, adding a little more water if necessary to keep the ingredients covered. Skim any scum that rises to the surface of the stock and discard. Strain the stock. Use immediately, or cool and refrigerate for up to 4 days. When the turkey is done, transfer it to a platter and let it rest for 15 to 20 minutes before carving, tenting it with foil. Meanwhile, prepare the Pan Gravy: Tilt the roasting pan and, with a large basting spoon, skim as much fat as possible off the juices. Place the pan on 2 burners on top of the stove, set to medium heat. Add the white wine and Madeira to the pan and stir and scrape with a wooden spoon to deglaze the pan deposits. Continue boiling until the liquid has reduced by three quarters, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the Turkey Stock, thyme, and parsley. Bring to a boil and strain into a saucepan. Bring back to a boil, skim, and reduce the heat to a simmer. Whisk in the beurre manie until well incorporated and continue to cook until the gravy has thickened. Season to taste with salt and pepper.