Sauce Method: Open the cans of black beans and rinse off the liquid. Put the beans in a food processor, with the soy sauce, cumin, chile-garlic sauce, vinegar, cantaloupe, and pineapple. Puree the mixture until it is completely blended and smooth (about 7-10 minutes). In a saucepan over medium heat, bring the black bean mixture to a simmer for approximately 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove the saucepan from the heat and strain through a fine conical sieve (chinoise) into a clean saucepan. Cover and keep warm over low heat until ready to serve. To serve, pour the sauce on a plate and sprinkle with strawberries, or for a dip, blend the strawberries into the sauce. Flan Method: Open the can of cannellini beans, drain off most of the liquid and puree in a food processor for approximately 10 minutes until they are completely smooth and then set them aside. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Blend the cream, milk, 3 whole eggs and 2 egg yolks, with a whisk. Add in one cup of the pureed cannellini beans continuing to stir, until the mixture is fully blended. Strain the mixture through a fine conical sieve (Chinoise) and discard the remaining solids. Spray the ramekins with unseasoned cooking oil spray. Pour the bean mixture into the ramekins to about three-fourths full. Place the filled ramekins in a 2-inch deep baking pan and place it on the lower rack of the pre-heated oven. Carefully fill the baking pan with boiling water to a level half way up the side of the ramekins. Cover the baking pan with aluminum foil, shiny side down. Cook for 35 to 40 minutes and then check to see if flan is set. If not set, continue cooking until the flans are set. Remove the ramekins from the water, set them aside to finish for 10 minutes. Spoon a bed of spicy black bean sauce onto the center of individual plates. Turn each ramekin upside-down in the center of the sauce bed. Pierce the bottom of each ramekin with a sharp knife and gently wiggle to free the flan from the ramekin. Garnish with diced strawberries. Season to taste with sea salt and pepper.