Let egg whites stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Prepare and bake Pecan Pastry Shell: Combine all-purpose flour and salt. Using a pastry blender, cut in shortening until pieces are pea-size. Stir in toasted pecans. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon cold water over part of flour mixture; gently toss with a fork. Push moistened dough to one side of the bowl. Repeat, using 1 tablespoon cold water at a time, until all of flour mixture is moistened. Form dough into a ball. On a lightly floured surface, slightly flatten dough. Roll dough from center to edge into a 12-inch circle. Transfer pastry to a 9-inch pie plate. Ease into pie plate, being careful not to stretch pastry. Trim pastry to 1/2 inch beyond edge of pie plate. Fold under extra pastry. Crimp edge as desired. Do not prick pastry. Line with a double thickness of foil. Bake in a 450 degree F oven for 8 minutes. Remove foil. Bake 7 to 10 minutes more or until lightly golden; set aside. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, for filling, in a medium saucepan combine the brown sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Stir in LACTAID(R) Reduced Fat Milk. Cook and stir over medium heat until thickened. Cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Remove from heat. Gradually stir about 1 cup of the hot filling into egg yolks, stirring constantly. Pour yolk mixture into remaining hot filling in saucepan. Bring to a gentle boil. Cook and stir 2 minutes more. Remove from heat. Stir in butter until melted. Stir in vanilla. Keep warm. For meringue, in a large mixing bowl combine egg whites and cream of tartar. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form (tips curl). Gradually add the granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating on high speed until mixture forms stiff peaks (tips stand straight). Spoon hot filling into pastry shell. Immediately spread meringue evenly over hot filling, carefully sealing to edge of pastry to prevent shrinkage. Bake in a 350 degree F oven for 15 minutes. Cool on a wire rack 1 hour. Chill at least 3 hours or up to 6 hours before serving.