In a small pan, combine milk, the 3/4 cup granulated sugar, the 1/2 cup butter, and salt over medium heat. Heat, stirring occasionally, until mixture is warm (about 110 degrees F); butter does not have to melt completely. Meanwhile, place 1/2 cup warm (110 degrees F) water in the large bowl of an electric mixer. Sprinkle yeast over the water and let stand until yeast is dissolved, about 5 minutes. With beaters on medium speed, blend in milk mixture and eggs until smooth. Beat in 5 1/2 cups flour, 1 cup at a time, until dough holds together but is still sticky and not too stiff; do not over-beat. Turn dough out onto a floured board and knead with your hands, adding small amounts of flour as necessary, just until dough is smooth and no longer sticky, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer dough to a greased bowl. Turn dough over to grease it on all sides. Cover bowl with plastic wrap, place in a warm location, and let dough rise until doubled in size, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. When dough has risen, turn it out of bowl onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead dough briefly to expel air bubbles. Then roll and stretch dough out to form an 18- by 22-inch rectangle. (If dough springs back while rolling, let it stand a few minutes then try again.) With a pastry brush, brush the dough rectangle evenly with 4 tablespoons of the melted butter. Mix together the 1 cup granulated sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle mixture over the dough. Then sprinkle dough evenly with raisins. Starting with one long edge, roll dough up jelly-roll style to enclose filling. Pinch or press outer edge gently against roll to seal. Gently pull and stretch roll out until it is 24 inches long. Using a ruler and a sharp knife, score the dough at 2-inch intervals, beginning in the middle and working outward. Then cut the roll along the scores with a slightly serrated knife, using a gentle sawing motion. Arrange rolls slightly apart in a well-greased 9- by 13-inch baking pan. Press any raisins that fell out during cutting back into rolls. Brush tops of rolls with remaining tablespoon of butter. Cover pan tightly with plastic wrap and chill rolls overnight (8 to 12 hours). When ready to bake rolls, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove plastic wrap from pan and bake rolls until well browned and puffy, 40 to 45 minutes. While rolls bake, in a bowl, beat together light cream cheese and 2 tablespoons hot water with an electric mixer until smooth. Gradually beat in powdered sugar until smooth. When rolls are done (while still hot), turn out onto a cooling rack, then turn them immediately onto a serving plate. Gently cut between them with a knife to separate, then spread icing evenly over rolls. Let cool slightly, then serve.