To marinate: Rinse chicken and pat dry. Cut off and discard any extra lumps of skin or fat. Divide chicken pieces among 2 heavy, gallon-size resealable plastic food bags. Add 1 1/2 cups buttermilk to each bag. Close bags, shake gently to distribute buttermilk over chicken pieces, then refrigerate at least 2 hours or up to 1 day. To fry: In a 9- by 13-inch baking pan, mix together flour, salt, and pepper until combined; set aside. Place shortening in a heavy 5- to 6-quart pan. Attach a frying thermometer to the pan so that it will reach down into shortening when melted. Place pan over medium-high heat; heat shortening to 350 degrees. While shortening heats, line a large platter with a thick layer of paper towels and place it within reach of stove. Also, place a wire rack (about 10 by 16 inches) in an 1-1 by 17-inch baking pan; set aside. Preheat oven to 250 degrees. When the shortening reaches 350 degrees, remove 3 or 4 pieces of chicken (as many as will comfortably fit in pan without crowding) from buttermilk and transfer them to the flour mixture. Roll the chicken pieces in seasoned flour to coat completely. Using tongs, transfer coated chicken pieces to hot oil. Do not overcrowd pan. Adjust heat to keep oil at 350 degrees and fry chicken until crisp, golden brown, and no longer pink in center of thickest part (cut to test), about 12 minutes total for drumsticks, thighs, and wings, about 14 minutes total for breasts. (Lower temperature to 325 degrees if chicken skin is browning too quickly.) Turn pieces over halfway through for even browning. (If you have a splatter guard, you can place it on top of the pan while the chicken cooks.) When chicken pieces are done, remove them from the oil and drain briefly on paper-towel-lined platter. Then, using tongs, transfer chicken to wire rack in baking pan. Transfer pan to oven and keep chicken warm until all pieces are cooked. Return oil to 350 degrees (or 325 degrees if excessive darkening is a problem) and repeat steps 3 through 5 until all the chicken is cooked.