To prepare and bake Pastry Shell: Combine 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Using a pastry blender, cut in 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea-size. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon cold water over part of flour mixture; gently toss with a fork. Push moistened dough to one side of the bowl. Repeat, using 1 tablespoon cold water at a time, until all of flour mixture is moistened (4 to 5 tablespoons water). Form dough into a ball. On a lightly floured surface, slightly flatten dough. Roll dough from center to edge into a 12-inch circle. Transfer pastry to a 9-inch pie plate. Ease into pie plate, being careful not to stretch pastry. Trim pastry to 1/2 inch beyond edge of pie plate. Fold under extra pastry. Crimp edge as desired. Do not prick pastry. Line with a double thickness of foil. Bake in a 450 degree F oven for 8 minutes. Remove foil. Bake 5 to 6 minutes more or until golden. Set aside. Let egg whites stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, for filling, in a medium saucepan combine cornstarch and salt; stir in 1/4 cup of the LACTAID(R) Reduced Fat Milk until smooth. Stir in remaining LACTAID(R) Reduced Fat Milk and the cream of coconut. Cook and stir over medium heat until thickened. Cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Remove from heat. Gradually stir about 1 cup of the hot filling into egg yolks, stirring constantly. Pour yolk mixture into remaining hot filling in saucepan. Bring to a gentle boil. Cook and stir 2 minutes more. Remove from heat. Stir in butter until melted. Stir in the 1 cup coconut and the 2 teaspoons vanilla. Keep warm. For meringue, in a large mixing bowl combine egg whites, the 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, and cream of tartar. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed about 1 minute or until soft peaks form. Gradually add the 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating on high speed 4 minutes more or until mixture forms stiff peaks and sugar dissolves. Spoon hot filling into pastry shell. Immediately spread meringue evenly over hot filling, carefully sealing to edge of pastry to prevent shrinkage. Sprinkle with the 2 tablespoons coconut. Bake in a 350 degree F oven for 15 minutes. Cool on a wire rack 1 hour. Chill at least 3 hours or up to 6 hours before serving.