Stir the avocado, roma tomatoes, minced shallot, jalapeno pepper, and lemon juice in a bowl. Chill in refrigerator to allow flavors to meld. Place the chicken stock in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; simmer the stock until reduced to about 1/2 cup. Heat 1/4 cup corn oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook the red bell pepper and yellow bell pepper in the hot oil until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir the mushrooms into the peppers; season with the coriander seeds, sea salt, and black pepper. Add the reduced chicken stock and the water; cook and stir until the moisture has been absorbed, another 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a plate lined with paper towels to allow the grease to drain. Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir the sliced shallots in the hot oil until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the crushed garlic and cook another 3 minutes. Pour 3 1/2 cups water over the mixture and bring to a boil; cook at a boil until the liquid reduces to 1 cup. Strain the mixture through a fine-mesh strainer and return the strained liquid to the saucepan, keeping it over medium heat. Add the white wine vinegar and return to a boil; continue cooking at a boil until the liquid reduced to about 1/4 cup. Quickly whisk in the chilled butter until just melted, whisking constantly. Remove from the heat and keep warm while you prepare the steaks. Place a cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat and allow get hot. Heat the oil in the skillet. Cook the steaks in the hot oil until they start to firm, and are reddish-pink and juicy in the center, about 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C). Cover the meat with two layers of aluminum foil and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 minutes. Place a mound of the bell pepper mixture into the center of each serving plate. Slice the rested steaks in half and place atop each mound. Spoon a few spoonfuls of the butter mixture onto the plate to surround the stack. Serve with the chilled guacamole and corn chips.