MAKE THE FROZEN NOUGAT: In a large bowl, combine the cranberries, apricots, currants, candied orange rind and kirsch and let stand for 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. On a pie plate, spread the almonds and pistachios and toast for 7 to 8 minutes, until golden; let cool. In a medium saucepan, combine 1/2 cup of the sugar with the water and cook over high heat until a medium amber caramel forms, about 7 minutes. Add the 1 1/2 tablespoons of cream and boil for 2 minutes. Off the heat, add the nuts and stir to evenly coat them with the caramel. Pour the nuts onto the parchment-lined baking sheet and spread in a thin layer. Cover with another sheet of parchment paper and, using a rolling pin, roll the brittle flat; let cool. Break the brittle into 1-inch pieces. Transfer the brittle to a food processor and pulse until coarsely ground. Line a 9-by-5-inch loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving 4 inches of overhang all around. Drain the dried fruits, pressing to remove as much of the liquid as possible. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in the remaining 1/2 cup of sugar at high speed and continue to beat until the whites are firm and glossy. In another large bowl, beat the remaining 1 1/2 cups of cream until firm peaks form. Carefully fold the cream into the beaten egg whites. Fold in the dried fruits and the ground brittle until evenly distributed. Spoon the nougat into the prepared loaf pan and smooth the top. Fold the plastic over and freeze until firm, at least 8 hours. MEANWHILE, MAKE THE SAUCE: In a small saucepan, combine the honey with the vanilla bean and seeds and bring to a boil. Off the heat, add the orange juice, lemon juice and orange zest and let cool. Peel the small tangerines. Working over a bowl, cut in between the membranes, releasing the segments into the bowl. Add the segments to the sauce. Unmold the nougat; remove the plastic wrap. Cut into 10 slices, spoon the citrus sauce on the side and serve.