Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. In the center of a double-ply 5-inch piece of dampened cheesecloth, combine the porcini, thyme, orange zest, ancho chile, bay leaf and celery. Tie into a neat package with kitchen string. Trim any excess cheesecloth and string from the bouquet garni. In a 12-inch, enameled cast-iron casserole, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil until shimmering. Season the lamb with salt and pepper and cook 2 shanks over moderate heat until browned, 7 minutes per side. Transfer the lamb to a bowl and repeat with the remaining lamb shanks. Add 2 teaspoons of the remaining olive oil, the onion and three-quarters of the minced garlic to the casserole. Cook over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 7 minutes. Add the tomato and cook over moderately high heat for 3 minutes. Stir in the wine and simmer until reduced by half. Return the lamb shanks to the casserole, nestling them in an even layer. Add the water and bouquet garni and bring to a gentle simmer. Cover the shanks with a sheet of parchment paper and the lid and bake for 1 hour. Turn the shanks, cover again with the parchment and the lid and bake for 1 hour longer, or until the meat is very tender. Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan of salted boiling water, cook the carrots until tender, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the carrots to a bowl. Add the turnips to the saucepan and boil until tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer to the bowl. Add the Swiss chard to the saucepan and blanch for 1 minute. Drain, chop coarsely and transfer to the bowl. Transfer the shanks to a bowl and let cool slightly. Increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Simmer the braising liquid over moderate heat, skimming the surface occasionally, until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Squeeze the bouquet garni into the liquid, then discard it. Remove the meat from the shanks. Cut or tear it into bite-size pieces and return it to the casserole. Add the carrots, turnips and Swiss chard, and season the stew with salt and pepper; keep warm. Arrange the baguette slices on a baking sheet and brush with 1 tablespoon of the remaining olive oil. In a bowl, combine the remaining olive oil and garlic with the parsley. Spread the garlic-parsley mixture on the slices and bake for 7 minutes, or until toasted. Halve the toasts crosswise and serve with the stew.