Peel the cucumber, cut in half lengthwise and scoop out and discard the seeds. Then dice the cuke fairly fine. Lay them on a stack of paper towels and using another towel press them down a little to let them give up a bit of their juices. In a small bowl, combine the cukes, sour cream and cumin. Use the firmest part of the sour cream up on the edges, not any of the watery part. Mix well and set aside. In another small bowl, add the lemon juice, garlic powder, chili power and salt. Then add the avocado and smash it with a fork or spoon to mix all together. It can be left a bit chunky (my preference) or smashed until completely smooth. If you are making this in advance then cut out a square of parchment paper to be the foundation so you can move the salad in and out of the refrigerator and onto the plates. Otherwise construction the salad directly onto the plate where it will be served. Cut two strips of parchment paper that is at least as wide as your cans are tall plus 1/2 inch more and make it long enough so it can go around the inside of the can at least 1 and 1/2 times. Set the cans where you want the salad to be and line them on the inside with the parchment paper. Start with the cucumber and make a layer that is at least 1/2 inch thick and press it down firmly with your fingers or that small jar I mentioned previously. Depending on your cans you may have some cukes left over. That's okay. Then make a layer of the guacamole about as thick as you did the cukes and smooth it out flat. To make the third layer; spoon up some salsa and squeeze out its liquid (back into its container or set aside for some other recipe). Make a layer on top of the guacamole, just enough to cover. If making this part in advance then cover with plastic or more parchment paper and refrigerate. Prepare the lettuce just before you are ready to serve. Roll the lettuce leaves and slice through chiffonade style to make shreds. Now to unveil the salad. While holding the parchment paper still, raise the can up slowly and steadily. Unwrap the parchment paper slowly. Use a butter knife along the inside edge as it unfolds to help the salad keep its shape (this will make sense once you start to do it). Add the shredded lettuce around the base and sprinkle the cilantro on top, careful not to knock the salad over. If you have any left over cukes or guacamole it can be added onto the lettuce in nice little dollops. Serve immediately.