Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spread the olives on a large microwave-safe plate and microwave them at 50 percent power for 30 minutes, or until dry. Let cool, then transfer the olives to a mini food processor and grind to a coarse powder. Stir the brown sugar into the olive powder. Season the lamb with salt and pepper and rub the meat with the olive powder. Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Using a vegetable peeler, remove the zest from the lemon, leaving behind as much bitter white pith as possible. Slice the lemon zest into thin julienne strips. Add them to the saucepan and simmer over moderate heat until softened, about 10 minutes. Drain and mix with the honey. In a medium saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Add the onion and fennel and cook over moderate heat until softened, about 8 minutes. Add the stock, water, bay leaf and ketchup and bring to a boil. Add the adzuki beans and simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the beans are tender, about 1 hour. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the beans to a bowl. Boil the cooking liquid over high heat until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 8 minutes. Return the beans to the saucepan. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce and the lemon zest and honey mixture and season with salt and pepper. Discard the bay leaf. In a medium ovenproof skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil until shimmering. Add the lamb and cook over moderately high heat until browned on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Turn and cook for 1 minute. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast the lamb until medium-rare, about 8 minutes for the loin and 12 minutes for the leg. Transfer the lamb to a carving board and let rest for at least 5 minutes. Meanwhile, wipe out the skillet. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add the zucchini and cook over moderately high heat, stirring, until crisp-tender, 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon the beans onto plates or a platter. Top with the zucchini and sprinkle with the thyme and fleur de sel. Carve the lamb and serve alongside.