In a large mixing bowl combine 2 cups of the flour and the yeast. Set aside. In a medium saucepan heat and stir LACTAID(R) Reduced Fat Milk, butter, sugar, and salt just until warm (120 degrees F to 130 degrees F) and butter almost melts. Add milk mixture to dry mixture along with eggs. Beat with an electric mixer on low to medium speed 30 seconds, scraping bowl. Beat on high speed 3 minutes. Using a wooden spoon, stir in orange peel, orange juice, and as much of remaining flour as you can. Turn dough out onto a floured surface. Knead in enough remaining flour to make a moderately soft dough that is smooth and elastic (3 to 5 minutes total). Shape dough into a ball. Place dough in a lightly greased bowl; turn once. Cover; let rise in a warm place until double in size (about 1 hour). Punch dough down. Turn onto a lightly floured surface. Divide in half. Cover and let rest 10 minutes. Lightly grease two baking sheets. (Large bunnies will go on one sheet; the small bunnies will go on the other.) For large bunnies, divide one half of dough into 4 portions. Roll each portion into a 16-inch long rope. On one of the prepared baking sheets, lap one end of a rope over the other to form a loop; bring the end that's underneath over the top, letting one end extend on each side to make ears. Pat tips of ears to shape into a point. Repeat with remaining ropes. For small bunnies, divide remaining half of dough into 12 portions. Roll 10 of the portions into 12-inch ropes. Shape 10 small bunnies as above, using the second baking sheet. With remaining 2 pieces of dough, shape 4 large balls and 10 small balls for the tails. Moisten balls with water and place atop dough at the bottom of the loops. Press tails onto dough. After shaping, cover and let rise until nearly double (30 to 45 minutes). Bake small bunnies in a 375 degree F oven 11 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. Bake large bunnies 13 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from baking sheets; cool on wire racks. Frost while warm with Orange Icing, if desired. Makes 4 large bunnies and 10 small bunnies. To make the Orange Icing: In a small bowl combine powdered sugar and 1 teaspoon finely shredded orange peel. Stir in enough orange juice (2 to 3 tablespoons) to make of drizzling consistency.