Make phyllo crisps: Arrange 1 sheet of phyllo on a work surface (keep remaining sheets covered), then brush with some butter and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar. Cut sheet in half crosswise to form 2 rectangles and crumple each into a peaked free-form round, about 4 inches in diameter. Transfer to a baking sheet with a metal spatula and form 4 more crisps in same manner with remaining phyllo, butter, and sugar. Let dry, uncovered, at room temperature at least 8 hours. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Bake crisps until golden, 2 to 4 minutes (watch closely, since they burn easily). Transfer with spatula to a rack to cool. Make pastry cream: Whisk together yolks and 2 tablespoons sugar in a metal bowl. Sift flour and cornstarch into bowl and whisk until combined well. Scrape seeds from vanilla beans with a sharp knife into a small heavy saucepan, reserving pods for another use. Add milk and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and bring to a boil. Add hot milk to egg mixture in a stream, whisking, and transfer to saucepan. Simmer, whisking, 3 minutes, then remove pan from heat and whisk in butter. Force pastry cream through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl and chill, its surface covered with wax paper, 1 hour. Make almond cream: Beat together butter, sugar, flours, and salt in a bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until pale and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add egg and beat well. Cook pears: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Peel pears, then quarter lengthwise and core. Melt butter in a 12-inch ovenproof heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then saute pears, turning occasionally, 2 minutes. Sprinkle sugar over pears and cook, turning occasionally, until sugar is melted and pears begin to turn pale golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer skillet to oven and roast pears until very tender, 5 to 7 minutes, then cool to room temperature. Bake clafoutis: Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Butter ramekins generously and coat with sugar, knocking out excess. Whisk pastry cream into almond cream until combined well. Spread 1/4 cup cream evenly in bottom of 1 ramekin and top with 2 pieces of pear. Spread another 1/4 cup cream over pears and top with 2 more pieces of pear. Repeat in remaining 5 ramekins. Arrange ramekins on a baking sheet and bake clafoutis until puffed and golden, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool in ramekins on a rack 1 hour. Put 1 clafoutis (in ramekin) on each of 6 large plates and top each with a phyllo crisp. Serve cider sauce and quince sorbet on the side.