Lightly spray a 5 x 9-inch loaf pan or an 8-inch-deep, 2-quart glass or stainless steel mixing bowl with nonstick cooking spray and line with plastic wrap. Fill a third of the bread pan or bowl with a thick layer of strawberry ice cream, using the back of the spoon to press it into an even layer covering the bottom and sides of the bowl, or one flat layer in a bread pan. Fill another third of the pan or bowl with a generous layer of vanilla ice cream and smooth the surface. Make a third layer, filling the bowl or pan to the top with the raspberry sorbet. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and freeze until the ice cream is solid, 2 to 3 hours or longer. Remove from the freezer and allow to sit for 10 minutes at room temperature. Run a knife around the edge of the pan or bowl. Invert a heatproof serving platter over the bowl or pan and, holding the bowl and platter firmly together, turn them over and lift off the bowl or bread pan and the plastic to unmold the ice cream. If the ice cream won't come out, briefly dip the bowl or pan into a large bowl of hot water and repeat the process. Put the platter with the ice cream back in the freezer to chill while you make the meringue. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, or in a large stainless steel bowl with a handheld beater, beat the egg whites on medium speed until they begin to foam. Add the cream of tartar and 1 tablespoon of the sugar and continue to whip the egg whites at medium-low speed until they form soft, slightly drooping peaks when the beaters are lifted out. Turn the speed to medium-high and continue to whip the egg whites as you gradually add the superfine sugar a tablespoon at a time. Beat until the meringue is shiny and holds stiff, upright peaks when the beaters are lifted out. Take care not over beat. As soon as the meringue is ready, remove the ice cream from the freezer and use an icing spatula or the back of a large spoon to spread the entire batch of meringue evenly over its surface. This is done most easily if you spoon the meringue onto the top of the ice cream and spread it down the sides. Return the dessert to the freezer once more until serving time. Browning the meringue using the oven: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Remove the Alaska from the freezer and place it on the sheet tray. Place the tray in the oven for no more than 5 minutes, until the Alaska is nicely caramelized and browned. Remove from the heat and serve at once. Using a butane torch: Light a small butane kitchen torch following the manufacturer's instructions, with the flame set to medium. Holding the flame about the 1 inch from the surface of the meringue, move it slowly across the surface to lightly brown its peaks. To serve the baked Alaska easily, use the butane torch to warm a metal serving knife and cut the dessert into wedges or slices; alternatively, dip the knife into a glass of hot water before each cut. Put a spoonful of raspberry sauce on each plate, if desired. Transfer each edge wedge to a chilled serving plate and serve at once.