Heat oven to 350 degrees F (325 degrees F for dark or nonstick pans). Grease bottoms and sides of 4 (8-inch) square pans with shortening or cooking spray. Make 1 cake mix as directed on box, using water, oil and eggs. Divide batter between 2 pans. Bake 2 pans at a time, following times on cake mix box for 8-inch round pans. Cool 10 minutes; remove from pans to cooling racks. Cool completely, about 30 minutes. Repeat with remaining cake mix. Spoon frosting into large bowl. Stir in enough food color until desired pink color. Using serrated knife, cut off domed top from each cake so they will be flat when stacked. On tray, place 1 cake, cut side down; spread 1/3 cup frosting over top. Add second cake, cut side down; spread top with 1/3 cup frosting. Add third cake, cut side down; do not frost. Cut fourth cake into quarters. Spread small amount of frosting on bottom of 1 quarter; place frosted side down on top of stacked cakes. Spread top of stacked cake quarter with 1 tablespoon frosting. Place second quarter on top of first quarter; spread top with 1 tablespoon frosting. Add third quarter; do not frost. Cut fourth quarter into quarters to create four 2-inch squares. Spread a small dollop of frosting on the top center of the second tier of cakes. Place one 2-inch piece on the center; spread top with frosting. Top with one more 2-inch piece. (Discard remaining 2 pieces.) To 'crumb-coat' cake, spread thin layer of frosting over layered cake to seal in crumbs. Freeze cake 30 to 60 minutes. Frost cake with remaining frosting. Place 1 pointed-end cone on upside-down flat-bottom cone for center steeple. Frost stacked cones with pink frosting; roll in pink sugar. Place the stacked cones upside down on the top cake layer. Frost remaining 4 pointed-end cones with frosting; roll in pink sugar. Place 1 upside-down cone on each corner of the first cake layer. Top each cone with a candy star. Place sugar cubes around edges of the first and second layers. Top each of the 4 corner sugar cubes with a gum ball. Attach 2 cookies on one side of first layer to create doors. Cut 2 additional cookies to desired size for windows; place each cookie on opposite sides of doors. Cut remaining cookie in half; place 1 half in center of second layer to create accent window. Pipe on window panes and doorknobs with white icing.