Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8-inch springform pan. Line with waxed paper. Butter the paper. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt into a medium bowl. Stir in the coconut. Beat the egg whites in a medium bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until frothy. With mixer at high speed, gradually beat in the sugar, beating until stiff, glossy peaks form. Beat the yolks in a medium bowl. With mixer at low speed, add the yolks to the beaten whites. Use a large rubber spatula to fold in the dry ingredients and vanilla. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool the cake in the pan for 10 minutes. Loosen and remove the pan sides. Invert onto a rack. Loosen and remove the pan bottom. Carefully remove the paper and let cool completely. Reline the pan with waxed paper and return the cake to the pan. Raspberry mousse: Sprinkle the gelatin over 2 tablespoons lemon juice in a small bowl and stir until completely dissolved. Beat the egg yolks and the remaining lemon juice in a double boiler until well blended. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture lightly coats a metal spoon or registers 160 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer. Immediately plunge the pan into a bowl of ice water and stir until the egg mixture has cooled. Place the gelatin mixture, half the raspberries, 1/4 cup sugar, and egg yolk mixture in a food processor and process until smooth. Beat the cream in a large bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until stiff. Stir the egg whites, the remaining sugar, water, and cream of tartar in a saucepan until blended. Cook over low heat, beating constantly, until the whites register 160 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer. Transfer to a bowl. With an electric mixer at high speed, beat in the remaining sugar, beating until stiff, glossy peaks form. Use a large metal spatula to fold the beaten whites and cream into the raspberry mixture until well blended. Refrigerate for 4 hours, or until set. Spread the mousse over. Remove from the pan and place on a serving plate. Stir the lemon juice into the jelly and spread over the top. Use some jelly to stick the ladyfingers to the sides. Decorate with the raspberries.