Sausage Mixture: Cook sweet Italian sausage in saute pan over med-high heat until brown. Drain; set aside and cool. Drain canned artichokes and roasted red peppers. Chop vegetables into 1/4-inch pieces and combine with ricotta cheese and ground sausage. Season with salt, pepper, and Italian herb blend. Ravioli: In a medium sized bowl, combine flour and salt. Make a well in the flour, add the slightly beaten egg, and mix. Mixture should form a stiff dough. If needed, stir in 1 to 2 tablespoons water. On a lightly floured surface, knead dough for about 3 to 4 minutes. Let rest for 15-20 minutes under a mixing bowl. On a lightly floured surface area, divide the pasta ball into two and proceed to roll out two 1/4-inch thick sheets, one very slightly larger than the other. One sheet will be the bottom half of the ravioli, and the slightly larger sheet will be the top to ensure a proper seal. Place teaspoons of sausage mixture onto the smaller pasta sheet. The filling should be spaced far enough apart so that each dumpling has a clear border. Brush an egg wash (egg yolk or egg white mixed with a small amount of water) around the fillings to seal the two sheets of pasta together. Gently lay the top sheet of pasta over the layer covered with filling. Make sure that the two sheets match up evenly. To remove air bubbles, gently but firmly push the air from the edge of the filling to the edge of the pasta with your fingers. Continue pushing the air out until there is no more air trapped in the ravioli. (Trapped air will expand during cooking and can cause the ravioli to burst.) To create beautiful ravioli, the filling should be shaped into a uniform size. A small cookie cutter or shot glass is a good way to shape the dumplings. Place the dull side of the cookie cutter around the filling, and press down lightly. Don't cut through the pasta dough--you're just shaping the ravioli. To cut the raviolis, use a sharp knife. On the edges, crimp the ravioli with a fork. In boiling salted water, cook ravioli for 3-4 minutes, until floating. Serve with your favorite sauce.