Crepes: This takes a little bit of practice, if you are not already familiar with the technique. You are going to want 4 crepes total. (There should be enough to do a mini crepe as the first one to get the hang of it, using about 2 T of the batter. But the instructions below are written as if you are already somewhat familiar with making crepes). In a small bowl, beat the eggs. Add the milk and spices and beat again. Then beat in the whey powder, mix well. It may be a little lumpy but that's okay. Heat a crepe pan or a small non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Once it is hot, melt a tiny bit of butter and spread it around. Ladle in about 4 Tbsp of the egg mixture and immediately tilt the pan around so that the batter evenly covers the bottom of the pan. Set it back onto the heat and let it cook for about 20 or 30 seconds. Carefully lift up an edge to see if it has begun to brown. When it is a nice golden brown, carefully flip it over and cook another 30 seconds. Remove to a paper towel or parchment paper. Repeat with a tiny bit of butter and another ladle of batter until you have 4 crepes. If you are not using the crepes right away layer parchment paper between them and slip into a large baggie or place on a plate and cover with plastic. Refrigerate up to two days. For the sauce: In a sauce pan over medium-low heat, melt butter and add the sherry and lemon juice. Beat together the egg yolks, cream and paprika. Slowly pour the egg mixture into butter mixture, stirring constantly until thicken. Set aside. (But near the stove so it stays warm). For the filling: Cut the shrimp and scallops into 3 or 4 pieces each. Mince the scallions keeping about 1/2 of the green tops set aside for a garnish. In a skillet, melt the butter and add the white portion of the scallions. Saute for one minute. Add the shrimp and scallops and saute until the shrimp are completely pink (about 2 or 3 minutes). Reduce heat to low. Add about 1/2 cup of the sauce and mix well. Turn off the heat. To assemble: Place a crepe on a flat surface and scoop out 1/4 of the filling and place it across the lower third of the crepe and then carefully roll up. Transfer to a plate with the seam side down. Repeat for the other crepes with 2 crepes per plate. Pour the remaining sauce over the crepes and garnished with the reserved scallion tops. You may need to lightly reheat sauce but do not boil it.