Heat 3/4 cup milk in a small saucepan over medium heat until simmering, stirring constantly. Remove saucepan from heat and stir in 1/4 cup margarine. Allow mixture to cool until lukewarm. Using the bread hook with an electric mixer, mix together the self-rising flour, yeast, and sugar and sucralose blend in a large mixing bowl. Stir the water, egg, and warm milk into the yeast mixture using the electric mixer; stir well to combine. Gradually stir in half of the whole wheat flour until no dry spots remain. Stir in the remaining flour, a 1/2 cup at a time, mixing well after each addition. When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Cover dough with a damp cloth and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Mix the cream cheese, bananas, and pineapple together in a bowl. Stir in the pineapple extract and 3 packets of sweetener; mixture will be lumpy. Roll the dough out to about 9x12-inches. Spread the banana filling about 2-inches away from one of the longer edges. Roll the dough into a cylinder shape, beginning with the edge without filling. Pinch the seam to seal. Shape the dough into a ring by bringing the two open edges together; pinch to seal. Wipe any filling from the outside of the ring. Cover with a damp cloth and allow to rise for 30 minutes more. Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Transfer the dough ring to a greased and floured baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 20 minutes. Cool in the pans for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack. Mix 1 tablespoon margarine with confectioners' sugar in a small bowl. Stir in the remaining milk 1 tablespoon at a time until the mixture is easily drizzled. Drizzle about 1/4 of the icing over the cooled cake. Divide the remaining icing into 3 small bowls. Stir in the green food coloring into one bowl; stir the yellow food coloring into the next bowl; and stir the purple food coloring into the last bowl. Drizzle each of the colored icings over the cake.