Fill a Dutch oven 3/4 full with water; bring to a boil. Immerse tomatoes for 20 seconds or until skins easily peel away; remove with slotted spoon and plunge into ice water. Slip skin off tomatoes using a paring knife; core each tomato with a paring knife, removing the stem end and white center. Cut tomatoes in half crosswise and squeeze out the seeds into a bowl. Cut tomatoes in chunks; place in a food processor in batches and process until finely chopped. Place seeds in a wire mesh strainer and press with the back of a spoon to extract juice; discard seeds. (There will be about 6 cups of tomato pulp and 3/4 cup tomato juice.) Combine tomato pulp, tomato juice, cumin, coriander, and cayenne in a large Dutch oven; bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat; simmer, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour or until mixture thickens. Wash jars and lids in hot soapy water; rinse with warm water. Fill boiling-water canner half full with water; add jars and water to cover. Bring water to a boil, reduce heat and simmer. Place lids in water to cover in a small saucepan; bring water to a simmer. Simmer until ready to use. Remove and drain jars and lids, one at a time, as needed for filling. Place tomato mixture in food processor in batches; puree for 1 minute or until smooth. Return to Dutch oven; stir in SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener, lemon juice, and salt. Bring mixture to a boil over medium heat; cook, stirring constantly for 1 minute, or until SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener dissolves. Ladle immediately into prepared jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of tops. Wipe jar rims and threads. Cover with 2-piece lids. Screw bands tightly. Place jars on rack in canner. (Water must cover jars by 1 to 2 inches. Add boiling water, if necessary.) Cover; bring water to gentle boil. Process 15 minutes. Remove jars and place upright on towel to cool completely. After jars cool, check seals by pressing center of lid with finger. (If lid springs back, lid is not sealed and refrigeration is necessary.) Store in a cool, dark place for up to 1 year. Once opened, store refrigerated and use within 2 weeks.