To make the Grand Fudge Cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and lightly flour two 9-inch round cake pans. In a medium bowl, combine cocoa, flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Reduce speed to low, and add vanilla and eggs one at a time, scraping bowl after each addition. Alternately add flour mixture and milk (starting and ending with the flour mixture), while mixing on low speed. Continue to mix until smooth. Pour into prepared pans. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until a cake tester inserted in the center of cake comes out clean. To make the Ghirardelli Buttercream Frosting: In bowl, beat butter until light and fluffy. In a separate bowl, mix powdered sugar with cocoa. Blend sugar mixture with butter alternately with milk, beat well after each addition. Beat until smooth. Blend in vanilla. To make the Triple Chocolate Cake Pops: Crumble the Grand Fudge Cake into a very large bowl. Add the Ghirardelli Buttercream Frosting. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed until combined. Using a small scoop or spoon, drop the mixture into 1-1/2-inch mounds onto waxed paper-lined baking sheets. Roll mounds into balls and freeze for 30 minutes. In a small microwave-safe bowl, combine 1/4 cup of the Ghirardelli(R) 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Baking Chips and 1/4 teaspoon of the shortening. Cook on medium power (50 percent) for 1 minute. Remove and stir until smooth. Dip one end of each lollipop stick into the melted chocolate and poke sticks into the cake balls (this helps the balls stay on the sticks). Freeze for 30 to 60 minutes or until balls are firm. In a small microwave-safe bowl, heat the Ghirardelli Classic White Chocolate Baking Chips on medium power (50 percent) for 1 minute. Remove and stir. If chocolate is not melted, return to microwave and repeat heating step, stirring every 30 seconds to avoid scorching. Stir until smooth. Set aside. Meanwhile, in a large microwave-safe bowl, combine the remaining Ghirardelli 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Baking Chips and the remaining shortening. Microwave on medium power (50 percent) for 2 minutes. Remove and stir. If chocolate is not melted, return to microwave and repeat heating step, stirring every 30 seconds to avoid scorching. Working in batches, dip the frozen balls into the melted bittersweet chocolate. Allow excess to drip off. When the bittersweet chocolate is just set, drizzle the pops with the melted white chocolate. Place on prepared baking sheets.* Let stand for 30 minutes or until chocolate is set. After chocolate is set, transfer to a storage container and store, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. Let stand at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving.