To prepare panna cotta: Coat six 3/4-cup (6-ounce) custard cups, ramekins or decorative nonreactive molds (see Note) with cooking spray. Combine kirsch and vanilla bean in a small heatproof glass bowl. Microwave, uncovered, on High until hot but not boiling, 20 to 30 seconds. Let stand until the vanilla bean infuses the kirsch with flavor, at least 30 minutes and preferably longer. Remove the vanilla bean and reserve it to add to the compote. Sprinkle gelatin over the kirsch; stir to mix. Let stand for 5 minutes. Microwave, uncovered, on High until the gelatin has completely dissolved but the liquid is not boiling, 20 to 40 seconds. (Alternatively, bring 1/2 inch water to a gentle simmer in a small skillet. Set the bowl with the gelatin mixture in the simmering water until the gelatin has dissolved completely.) Stir the mixture until smooth. Stir in sugar. Whisk yogurt, vanilla and almond extract in a medium bowl. Thoroughly whisk in the gelatin mixture. Refrigerate, stirring occasionally, until the mixture just begins to thicken, 15 to 20 minutes. Beat cream in a small deep bowl using an electric mixer or whisk until soft peaks form. Whisk the cream into the yogurt mixture just until smoothly incorporated. Divide the mixture among the prepared cups. Cover and refrigerate until the panna cottas are chilled and set, at least 4 hours and up to 3 days. To prepare compote: Stir fresh (or frozen, thawed) and dried cherries, preserves, cinnamon stick, lemon zest and juice in a medium non-reactive saucepan (see Note). Split the reserved vanilla bean piece in half lengthwise. Scrape the seeds into the pan and add the split bean. Boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the dried cherries are softened and the juice is somewhat reduced, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool. Cover and refrigerate for at least 3 hours and up to 3 days. To serve: Run a knife around the cups to loosen the panna cotta. One at a time, set the cups in hot water for 30 to 40 seconds, then invert onto a serving plate, holding the cup and plate tightly together. If they don't unmold, break the vacuum by carefully pushing the knife under the edge of each cup, lifting up slightly, then inverting again. Remove the cinnamon stick and vanilla bean pieces from the compote and serve the compote with the panna cottas.