Place lemon juice, 2 tablespoons water, and egg yolks in medium metal bowl. Whisk yolk mixture constantly over large saucepan of simmering water until thermometer inserted into mixture registers 160°F, about 3 minutes. Transfer yolk mixture to processor. With machine running, add oil in slow steady stream. Transfer mayonnaise to small bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Mayonnaise can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Place grated garlic, 1/3 cup oil, and next 4 ingredients in heavy small saucepan. Cook over lowest possible heat until lemon peel is tender and caramelized, stirring occasionally, about 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Sauce can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Place 37 peeled garlic cloves in small saucepan. Cover with cold water by 1 inch. Bring to boil; drain. Repeat 5 times. Place garlic cloves and 1 tablespoon milk in blender and puree until smooth. Transfer to small bowl. DO AHEAD: Garlic puree can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Preheat broiler. Brush baguette slices with olive oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Broil until brown, about 1 minute per side. Cool. DO AHEAD: Croutons can be made 4 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Tuck two 2-inch strips Meyer lemon peel between chicken breast and tenderloin and 3 strips peel between skin and breast meat of each chicken breast. Place on plate, cover, and chill 2 hours. Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Place in skillet, skin side down, and cook until skin is golden, about 10 minutes. Turn chicken over, place in oven, and roast until cooked through, about 15 minutes. Transfer to work surface and let rest 10 minutes. Preheat broiler. Brush cut sides of lettuce with Meyer lemon mayonnaise. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on rimmed baking sheet and broil until golden, about 1 minute. Slice chicken breasts crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Place 2 lettuce halves on each of 4 plates. Divide chicken breast slices among plates. Spoon dollop of garlic puree next to chicken. Place 2 croutons on each plate. Drizzle with Anchovy-Lemon Sauce and serve.