In a food processor or bowl combine well the flour, the sugar, the baking powder, and the salt, add the butter, and blend the mixture until it resembles fine meal. Stir in all but 1 tablespoon of the coconut, reserving the remaining 1 tablespoon for garnish, and the egg, stirring until the mixture forms a dough. Knead the dough lightly on a floured surface several times to blend it well and press it onto the bottom and up the side of an 11-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Chill the shell for 30 minutes, line it with foil, and fill the foil with the rice. Bake the shell in the lower third of a preheated 375°F. oven for 10 minutes, remove the rice and foil carefully, and bake the shell for 5 to 10 minutes more, or until it is golden. Let the shell cool completely in the pan or a rack. In a heavy saucepan whisk together the sugar, the cornstarch, and the eggs, add the milk in a slow stream, whisking, and bring the mixture to a boil over moderate heat, whisking constantly. Simmer the pastry cream, whisking, for 2 minutes, transfer it to a bowl, and stir in the coconut extract, the vanilla, and the Malibu rum. Chill the pastry cream, its surface covered with plastic wrap, for 4 hours, or until it is cold. The pastry cream may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Slice thin on the diagonal enough of the bananas (about 2 1/2) to cover the bottom of the shell in one layer, arrange the slices in the shell, and cover them with the pastry cream, spreading it evenly. Slice thin on the diagonal the remaining bananas and arrange the slices decoratively over the pastry cream in solid layers, making each layer gradually smaller. In a small saucepan melt the apple jelly over moderate heat, while it is still warm brush it over the banana slices, coating them completely, and chill the tart for 1 hour. The tart may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered loosely and chilled. Just before serving, in a chilled bowl beat the cream until it holds stiff peaks, transfer it to a pastry bag fitted with a medium star tip, and pipe it decoratively around the edge of the tart. Sprinkle the cream with the reserved 1 tablespoon coconut and remove the side of the pan.