Bring salt, sugar, and 2 quarts water to a boil in a large pot, stirring to dissolve salt and sugar. Let cool, then add wine, if using. Place turkey and brine in a large resealable plastic bag. Seal bag and chill 10–12 hours. Remove turkey from brine and pat dry Let sit at room temperature 1 hour. Soak breadcrumbs in cream in a small bowl 20 minutes. Meanwhile, bring broth, chestnuts, Cognac, bay leaves, and a pinch of salt to a low simmer in a small saucepan. Cook until chestnuts are very soft but not falling apart and liquid is reduced by half, 12–15 minutes. Discard bay leaves; chill while preparing spices. Toast mustard seeds, coriander, allspice, and clove in a small skillet over medium heat until fragrant and mustard seeds begin to pop, about 4 minutes; let cool. Finely grind toasted spices and peppercorns in spice mill or with mortar and pestle. Mix pork, thyme, mace, nutmeg, spice mixture, breadcrumb mixture, and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Coarsely chop chestnuts and add to pork mixture, along with cooled cooking liquid. Stir pork mixture to combine. DO AHEAD: Boudin blanc can be made 2 days ahead. Wrap tightly and chill. Preheat oven to 400°F. Working 1 at a time, place turkey breast on cutting board, skin side up. Holding knife parallel to work surface, cut through breast, stopping about 1/2" before you get all the way through. Open breast like a book and mound boudin blanc down center, leaving a 1" border. Fold bottom half of breast over filling, then fold top half over so it slightly overlaps. Tie at 1" intervals with kitchen twine. Place turkey breasts on a rack set inside a roasting pan. Add 1 cup water and roast until skin is golden brown and an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of stuffing registers 145°F (breast meat should register 160°F), 1–1 1/2 hours. Let rest 10 minutes before slicing. Meanwhile, heat butter in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add chestnuts and thyme sprigs and cook, stirring often, until chestnuts are soft, 5–7 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Serve turkey with chestnuts. DO AHEAD: Breasts can be stuffed 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.