Preheat oven to 350°F. Place veal on work surface; open flat like book. Sprinkle top surface evenly with coarse salt, freshly ground black pepper, and reserved gremolata seasoning. Roll up veal. Tie with kitchen string every 1 1/2 inches to hold shape. Sprinkle outside of roast with coarse salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 350°F. Place veal on work surface; open flat like book. Sprinkle top surface evenly with coarse salt, freshly ground black pepper, and reserved gremolata seasoning. Roll up veal. Tie with kitchen string every 1 1/2 inches to hold shape. Sprinkle outside of roast with coarse salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large ovenproof pot over high heat. Add veal and brown on all sides, turning with 2 wooden spoons, 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer veal to small rimmed baking sheet. Reduce heat to medium. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to same pot. Add onions, carrots, and celery; sauté until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add wine; boil 3 minutes, scraping up browned bits. Add broth, tomatoes, garlic, and rosemary. Return sauce to boil. Return veal to pot. Sprinkle olives around veal. Cover; transfer to oven. Braise veal until very tender, turning with wooden spoons every 30 to 40 minutes, about 2 1/2 hours total. Cool veal, uncovered, in sauce in pot, 2 hours. DO AHEAD: can be made 1 day ahead. Chill until cold, then cover and keep chilled. Spoon off any fat from surface of sauce. Transfer veal to work surface. Cut veal crosswise into 1/2-to 3/4-inch-thick slices, removing string. Overlap veal slices in 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Rewarm sauce in pot over low heat. Spoon off any additional fat from surface. Boil sauce until reduced to 4 cups, about 12 minutes. Transfer 1 cup solids from sauce (without olives) to blender and puree. Return puree to sauce. Season sauce with coarse salt and pepper. Spoon sauce over veal. DO AHEAD: can be made 1 day ahead. Cover dish with foil and chill. Rewarm, covered, in 350°F oven 20 to 30 minutes. Sprinkle veal with reserved 1/4 cup gremolata and serve.