Using the flat side of a knife, smash garlic. Finely chop, then sprinkle with salt. Press flat side of knife into garlic and drag it across, repeating until a paste forms. Place pork in a medium bowl and add garlic paste. Finely chop 1 medium-sized chipotle chile with seeds and add to pork (you should have about 1 Tbsp. chopped chile). Add vinegar and 2 Tbsp. adobo from can and stir to combine. Heat 8 cups cold water in a large pot over medium-high. Add potatoes and vinegar and season liberally with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low and bring to a simmer. Cook until potatoes are just tender, about 5 minutes, and drain well. Meanwhile, heat a large cast-iron or non-stick skillet over medium-high. Add 1 Tbsp. oil and reserved chorizo. Cook, breaking chorizo into small pieces with a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, 4–6 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a large bowl, and reserve fat in skillet. (You will need 3 tablespoons fat to cook the potatoes, so add a few more tablespoons of oil if necessary.) Heat the skillet over medium. Add potatoes, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper. Toss potatoes in oil and cook, stirring often, until golden brown, crispy, and cooked through, about 18 minutes. Be patient—cooking your potatoes slowly will guarantee a soft, fluffy interior and a perfectly crisp exterior. Add scallions and 1 Tbsp. butter and cook, stirring occasionally, until scallions are soft, 2 minutes more. Add potato mixture to chorizo; reserve skillet. While potatoes cook, combine eggs, milk, 1/4 tsp. salt, and remaining 1/4 tsp. pepper in a medium bowl. Heat tortillas in a dry medium skillet over medium until hot and lightly toasted (or wrap them in damp paper towels and heat in a microwave for about 20 seconds). Wrap in damp paper towels and keep warm between 2 plates. Heat reserved skillet over medium and add remaining 1 Tbsp. butter. Add egg mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, until barely set, about 2 minutes. Return sausage and potatoes to skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until reheated, about 2 minutes. Place 2 tortillas each on 4 plates and divide egg mixture among tortillas. Top with cheese, hot sauce, avocado, and cilantro. Chorizo can be made up to 3 days in advance and stored in the refrigerator.