Heat a 12-inch heavy skillet (not nonstick; preferably cast-iron) over medium heat until hot, then brown ears of corn, in batches if necessary. Cut kernels from cobs and set aside. Put cobs and silk into a medium pot. Remove skin, bone, and tendons from turkey (reserve meat) and add to cobs along with water, 1 onion quarter, and 1 teaspoon salt, then simmer briskly until liquid is reduced to about 3 cups, 30 to 40 minutes. Strain broth through a sieve into a bowl, discarding solids. Cut turkey meat into 1/2-inch pieces. Coarsely chop remaining onion, then cook in butter with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in okra and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Sprinkle flour over vegetables and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in corn broth and milk. Bring to a boil, stirring, then boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in corn kernels and turkey, then gently simmer until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and 1 teaspoon each of salt and pepper into a bowl. Stir in chives. Blend in butter with a pastry blender or your fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add buttermilk and stir with a fork until a dough just forms (dough will be moist). Turn out dough onto a well-floured surface, lightly dust dough with flour, and knead gently 6 to 8 times. Roll out dough on a floured surface with a floured rolling pin into a 12- by 6-inch rectangle (1 inch thick), reflouring surface if necessary. Cut into 8 (3-inch) squares with a floured knife. Transfer biscuits with a metal spatula to an ungreased baking sheet, arranging 2 inches apart. Bake until golden, 12 to 15 minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool to warm. Halve biscuits horizontally and put each bottom half in a shallow bowl. Spoon stew over biscuit bottoms and cover with tops.