In a saucepan combine the apples, peeled, cored, and chopped fine, the brown sugar, the butter, and 3/4 cup water, simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the apples are tender, and stir in the raisins. In a small bowl dissolve the cornstarch in 1/4 cup cold water, add the mixture to the apple mixture, and boil the mixture for 1 minute. Stir in the rum, boil the filling for 1 minute, and let it cool. The filling may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Line the bottom of a buttered jelly-roll pan, 15 1/2 by 10 1/2 by 1-inches, with wax paper, butter the paper, and dust it with flour, knocking out the excess. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the yolks, the granulated sugar, and the vanilla until the mixture is thick and pale and forms a ribbon when the beaters are lifted. In another bowl with the beaters, cleaned, beat the whites with the salt until they just hold stiff peaks, stir one third of them into the yolk mixture, and fold in the remaining whites gently but thoroughly. Sift the cornstarch, the flour, and the cinnamon over the egg mixture, fold the mixture in until the batter is just combined, and spread the batter evenly in the prepared pan. Bake the cake in the middle of a preheated 350°F. oven for 6 to 8 minutes, or until the top is golden and a tester comes out clean. Dust a kitchen towel generously with the confectioners' sugar, invert the cake onto it, and peel off the wax paper carefully. Roll up the cake gently in the towel, starting with a long side, and let it cool completely on a rack. Unroll the cake, spread it with the filling. Leaving a 1-inch border on the long sides, and reroll it gently. Transfer the_roulade_, seam side down, to a platter and trim the ends diagonally. In a bowl beat the cream until it holds soft peaks, sift the cinnamon over it, and beat the mixture until it holds stiff peaks. Transfer the cinnamon cream to a pastry bag fitted with a decorative tip and pipe it decoratively onto and around the_roulade_.