In a large saucepan bring 4 cups water to simmer, add the scallops and the scrod, and poach the seafood, its surface covered with a buttered round or wax paper, at a bare simmer for 5 minutes. Drain the seafood and reserve the poaching liquid in a bowl. In the pan melt 1 tablespoon of the butter, stir in the carrots, 2 tablespoons water, the salt, and the sugar, and cook the carrots, covered, over moderate heat for 2 minutes. Remove the lid, cook the carrots, stirring, for 1 minute, or until they are just tender, and add them to the seafood. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the pan, whisk in the flour, and cook the roux over moderately low heat, whisking, for 3 minutes. Whisk in the curry powder, add the milk in a stream, whisking, and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the mixture, whisking, until it is smooth. Simmer the mixture, whisking occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until it is very thick, and stir in the chutney and the lemon juice. Stir in the seafood carrot mixture, the peas, the minced parsley, and enough of the reserved poaching liquid, by teaspoons, to thin the mixture to the desired consistency. The filling may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Make 12 crêpes (procedure follows) with the curry crêpe batter. Working with one crêpe at a time, put 2 tablespoons of the filling on one quadrant of each crêpe, fold the crêpe in half over the filling, and fold it in half again to form a triangle. Arrange the crêpes on a buttered baking sheet and bake them in a preheated 400°F. oven for 10 minutes, or until they are heated through. Transfer the crêpes to serving plates and garnish them with the parsley sprigs and the lemon slices. In a blender or food processor blend the flour, the curry powder, the salt, the broth, the eggs, and the butter for 5 seconds. Turn off the motor, with a rubber spatula scrape down the sides of the container, and blend the batter for 20 seconds more. Transfer the batter to a bowl and let it stand, covered, for 1 hour. The batter may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Makes enough batter for about 15 crêpes. Heat a crêpe pan or non-stick skillet measuring 6 to 7 inches across the bottom over moderate heat until it is hot. Brush the pan lightly with the butter, heat it until it is hot but not smoking, and remove it from the heat. Stir the batter, half fill a 1/4-cup measure with it, and pour the batter into the pan. Tilt and rotate the pan quickly to cover the bottom with a layer of batter and return any excess batter to bowl. Return the pan to the heat, loosen the edge of the crêpe with a spatula, and cook the crêpe for 1 minute, or until the top appears almost dry. Turn the crêpe, cook the other side lightly, and transfer the crêpe to a plate. Make crêpe with the remaining batter in the same manner, brushing the pan lightly with butter as necessary. The crêpes may be made 3 days in advance, kept stacked, wrapped in plastic wrap, and chilled.