In large, heavy saucepan over moderately high heat, combine rice and 4 1/2 cups water and bring to gentle boil. Remove from heat, cover, and let stand 20 minutes. Spread on large rimmed baking sheet and refrigerate, uncovered, until cool and dry, at least 2 hours or overnight. In small saucepan over moderately high heat, stir together 1 cup water, soy sauce, lime juice, ginger, garlic, and sesame oil. Simmer, uncovered, until reduced by 15 percent, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove soy-lime emulsion from heat and set aside to cool. Preheat oven to 375°F. In 8-inch cast-iron skillet over moderately high heat, heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil until hot but not smoking. Coat cut sides of peaches with sugar, transfer peaches, cut side down, to skillet, and cook until sugar just begins to caramelize, about 2 minutes. Transfer skillet to oven and roast peaches until edge of skin is easy to lift away from flesh (leave skin on), 6 to 7 minutes. Keep peaches warm and leave oven on. Pat duck breasts dry. Using sharp knife, score skin in 1-inch crosshatch pattern, taking care not to cut through fat into meat below. Sprinkle breasts with salt and pepper. In large, ovenproof skillet over moderately low heat, heat 1 1/2 teaspoons vegetable oil until hot but not smoking. Working in 2 batches (wipe pan clean and add remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons oil before second batch), sear duck breasts, skin side down, until skin is golden brown and crisp, 10 to 12 minutes. As fat is rendered, periodically drain off and reserve. Return all 6 breasts to skillet, skin side up. Transfer skillet to oven and roast breasts to desired doneness, 2 to 3 minutes for medium-rare (instant-read thermometer inserted into breasts will read 135F). Keep warm. In small, heavy saucepan over high heat, simmer demi-glace until reduced by 25 percent, about 5 minutes. Stir in butter and keep warm. While demi-glace is reducing, fry rice: Measure reserved duck fat and add vegetable oil if necessary to make 3 tablespoons. In large, well-seasoned wok or large, deep, heavy skillet over high heat, heat fat until just smoking. Add shallots and stir-fry until translucent, about 1 minute. Add walnuts, rice, parsley, chicken stock, and 1 cup soy-lime emulsion and stir-fry until rice is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and keep warm. Holding sharp knife at 45°F angle, cut each duck breast into thin slices. Divide rice among 6 large plates and lay duck slices over each mound. Drizzle each with demi-glace and mound micro greens on top. Sprinkle with chives and serve immediately.