Preheat oven to 250°F. Line 2 buttered baking sheets with foil or parchment paper and trace three 13- by 4-inch rectangles on foil or paper (2 on one sheet and 1 on other). In a food processor grind almonds fine with 1/2 cup sugar and cornstarch. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat egg whites with cream of tartar and salt until they hold soft peaks. Beat in remaining 3/4 cup sugar in a slow stream, beating until meringue holds stiff, glossy peaks. Fold in almond mixture gently but thoroughly and transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch plain tip. Starting along the inside edge of a rectangle, pipe meringue onto prepared foil, filling in rectangles. Bake meringue layers in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets in oven halfway through baking, 1 to 1 1/4 hours, or until meringues are firm and dry when touched. Cool meringues on sheets on racks. Slide foil off sheets and carefully peel meringues off foil. Meringue layers may be made 1 day ahead and kept, tightly wrapped, at room temperature. Cut a piece of cardboard 2 inches bigger than meringue layers and wrap in foil. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat together filling ingredients until mixture just holds stiff peaks. Put 1 meringue layer, smooth side down, on cardboard and with a long metal spatula spread a 1/2-inch-thick layer of filling over top. Repeat layering in same manner with another meringue and some filling and top filling with remaining meringue layer, smooth side up. Spread a thin layer of filling on top and sides of dacquoise and transfer remaining filling to a pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Pipe remaining filling decoratively around dacquoise and arrange raspberries on dacquoise. Freeze dacquoise, uncovered, until hard, about 6 hours. Dacquoise may be made 2 days ahead and frozen, wrapped in plastic wrap and foil after 6 hours. Let dacquoise stand in refrigerator 30 minutes before serving. Slicing dacquoise with an electric knife (alternatively, use a serrated knife).