Mash the yeast with a pinch of salt and the lukewarm water in a cup or small bowl until smooth, then let stand for about 10 minutes, until the mixture is frothy. Beat two of the eggs in a bowl. Sift the flour with a pinch of salt onto a work surface. Make a well in the center and pour in the beaten egg and yeast mixture. Gradually incorporate the flour into the liquid, then knead well for 10 minutes. Dust the surface lightly with flour to prevent the dough sticking. Add the margarine and knead for 10 minutes more, banging the dough onto the surface. Add a little water to the dough if necessary. Once the dough is smooth and elastic, form it into a ball, place it in a bowl, and cover with a clean dish towel. Let rise in a warm place for 1 to 2 hours, until doubled in volume. Meanwhile, make the "rustido." Heat the olive oil in a skillet. Add the onions and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes, until softened and translucent. Add the garlic and parsley and cook for 5 minutes more. Stir in the chorizo and cook for 2 minutes more. Remove the skillet from the heat and set aside. Heat the sunflower oil in a skillet. Add the strips of meat and cook over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, for about 8 minutes, until golden brown. Remove from the skillet with a slotted spoon and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Brush a 12-inch baking pan or ovenproof baking dish with oil. Divide the dough into two pieces, one slightly bigger than the other. Roll out the larger piece on a lightly floured surface and use to line the pan or dish. Spread half the rustido over the dough. Lay the strips of meat on the rustido and add the strips of bell pepper. Spoon the remaining rustido over the top. Roll out the remaining dough and use it to cover the mixture. Seal the edges of the dough carefully, pressing them together and rolling them slightly. Pinch the dough in the center of the pie with two fingers to create a chimney to allow the steam to escape. Beat the remaining egg and brush it over the dough to glaze. Bake for 15 minutes, then increase the oven temperature to 375°F, and bake for 15 minutes longer. Increase the oven temperature to 400°F and bake for 15 minutes more, until golden brown. Remove the pie from the oven. Serve hot or warm, straight from the dish, if you prefer.