Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and cook until soft, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Add wine and grapes. Simmer over medium heat until almost all liquid is evaporated, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Add broths. Boil over medium-high heat until reduced to 2 scant cups, about 40 minutes. Strain into measuring cup, pressing on solids to release liquid; discard solids in strainer. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD:Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover; chill. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic, and ginger; sauté until soft, about 3 minutes. Add curry powder and 3 tablespoons butter. Stir until melted and bubbling. Remove from heat. Preheat oven to 350°F. Place potatoes on small baking sheet. Drizzle with 3 teaspoons oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss to coat. Roast until tender, about 25 minutes. Cool slightly. Cut potatoes crosswise into 3/4inch pieces; transfer to medium bowl. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add cauliflower and sauté until brown in spots, about 3 minutes. Add 1/4 cup water, cover, and cook until tender, adding more water by tablespoonfuls as needed, about 3 minutes longer. Transfer cauliflower to bowl with potatoes. Wipe skillet clean. Add remaining 2 teaspoons oil to same skillet. Add brussels sprouts and sauté until brown in spots, about 3 minutes. Add 1/4 cup water, cover, and simmer until tender, adding more water by tablespoonfuls as needed, about 3 minutes longer. Transfer to bowl with cauliflower and potatoes. DO AHEAD:Curry butter and vegetables can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand separately at room temperature. Bring verjus and sugar to boil in small saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-high and boil until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 5 minutes. Cool. Preheat oven to 250°F. Place grapes on rimmed baking sheet lined with parchment or foil. Roast until reduced in size by half, about 1 1/2 hours. Cool. Mix syrup, grapes, pine nuts, and next 5 ingredients in medium bowl. DO AHEAD: Gremolata can be made 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Sprinkle lamb all over with salt, pepper, and curry powder. Grill lamb until thermometer inserted lengthwise into lamb registers 130°F for mediumrare, about 15 minutes. Transfer to work surface and let rest 10 minutes. Slice lamb crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons curry butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat; add vegetables and cook until heated through, stirring frequently, about 4 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper and additional curry butter, if desired. Rewarm sauce. Divide vegetables among 4 plates. Divide lamb slices among plates. Drizzle sauce over lamb. Spoon gremolata over. *Tart juice made from unripened fruit, usually wine grapes; available at specialty foods stores and from igourmet.com.