Bring water to a boil in pot, then plunge 2 lobsters headfirst into water and boil, covered, 8 minutes from time they enter water. Transfer with tongs to a shallow roasting pan to cool. Cook remaining 2 lobsters in same manner, reserving cooking liquid in pot. When lobsters are cool enough to handle, remove meat from tail and claws, catching juices in pan. Scrape off any coagulated white albumen from meat with point of a small knife, then cut meat into 1/2-inch pieces and chill in a bowl, covered. Cut lobster bodies in half lengthwise, then transfer to cooking liquid along with shells, tomalley, and any juices from roasting pan. Heat butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then stir in carrots, celery, fennel, garlic, tarragon, and salt. Reduce heat to moderately low and cook vegetables, covered, stirring occasionally, until tender but not browned, about 15 minutes. Remove lid and add wine, then boil over high heat until most of liquid is evaporated, about 7 minutes. Add vegetable mixture to lobster-shell mixture and bring to a boil, skimming foam. Boil, uncovered, until stock is reduced to about 8 cups, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Discard lobster bodies, then pour stock through a cheesecloth-lined sieve into a large bowl, pressing on and then discarding solids. Set aside 3 cups stock for sauce and reserve remaining stock for another use (cool stock, uncovered, then chill, covered, or freeze). Cut an X in end opposite stem of tomatoes and immerse in a pot of boiling water 10 seconds. Transfer tomatoes with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking, reserving boiling water. Peel and seed tomatoes (reserve ice water) and cut into 2- by 1/4-inch strips. Add kosher salt to boiling water, then add carrots and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer with slotted spoon to bowl of ice water. Cook haricots verts and peas in boiling water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes, then transfer with slotted spoon to ice water. Drain vegetables in a colander and pat dry. Cook shallot in 3 tablespoons butter in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until shallot is softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Add fennel and salt and pepper to taste, then cook, stirring occasionally, until fennel is golden and tender, about 15 minutes. Add 2 3/4 cups lobster stock to fennel along with tomato strips and bring to a simmer. Whisk together cornstarch and remaining 1/4 cup stock in a cup until smooth, then whisk into sauce. Simmer sauce, whisking, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes, then whisk in remaining 3 tablespoons butter until incorporated. Stir in lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. Add blanched vegetables, lobster, and tarragon and gently simmer, stirring occasionally, just until heated through, 4 to 5 minutes. Divide stew among 6 bowls and top with potato rosettes, upside down.