In a saucepan stir together the cocoa powder, 1/3 cup of the sugar, the cornstarch, and a pinch of salt, add the milk in a stream, whisking, and bring the mixture to a boil, whisking until it is thick and smooth. Remove the pan from the heat and let the mixture cool. In a bowl beat the egg whites until they hold soft peaks, add the mint extract, and beat in the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, a little at a time, beating until the whites hold stiff peaks. Stir one third of the whites into the cocoa mixture and fold in the remaining whites gently but thoroughly. Make 8 crêpes (procedure follows) with the chocolate crêpe batter. Spread 1/3 cup of the filling onto half of each crêpe and fold the crêpes gently over the filling. Bake the crêpes on a baking sheet in a preheated 350°F. oven for 10 minutes, transfer them to plates, and serve them with the sauce. melted unsalted butter for brushing the pan crêpe batter In a blender or food processor blend the flour, the cocoa, the sugar, the salt, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, the milk, the eggs, and the butter for 5 seconds. Turn off the motor, with a rubber spatula scrape down the sides of the container, and blend the batter for 20 seconds more. Transfer the batter to a bowl and let it stand, covered for 1 hour. The batter may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Makes enough batter for about 18 crêpes. Heat a crêpe pan or non-stick skillet measuring 6 to 7 inches across the bottom over moderate heat until it is hot. Brush the pan lightly with the butter, heat it until it is hot but not smoking, and remove it from the heat. Stir the batter, half fill a 1/4-cup measure with it, and pour the batter into the pan. Tilt and rotate the pan quickly to cover the bottom with a layer of batter and return any excess batter to bowl. Return the pan to the heat, loosen the edge of the crêpe with a spatula, and cook the crêpe for 1 minute, or until the top appears almost dry. Turn the crêpe, cook the other side lightly, and transfer the crêpe to a plate. Make crêpe with the remaining batter in the same manner, brushing the pan lightly with butter as necessary. The crêpes may be made 3 days in advance, kept stacked, wrapped in plastic wrap, and chilled. In a heavy saucepan heat the chocolate and the cream over moderately low heat, stirring, until the chocolate is melted, but do not let the mixture boil. In a small bowl combine the cocoa powder with the brown sugar. In a small heavy saucepan bring 1/4 cup water to a simmer, add the cocoa powder mixture, a little at a time, stirring, and cook the mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is smooth. Add the chocolate cream mixture and the salt and cook the mixture, stirring, until it is smooth, but do not let it boil. Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the vanilla, and transfer the sauce to a bowl. Let the sauce cool and chill it, covered, for at least 2 hours, or until it is cold. The sauce keeps, covered and chilled, for 2 weeks. Makes about 1 1/2 cups.