Combine 3 tablespoons water and sugar in small saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat. Mix in Cognac. Cool. Combine milk and espresso powder in heavy medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Bring to simmer. Remove from heat. Discard bean. Using electric mixer, beat yolks and sugar in large bowl until very thick, about 3 minutes. Sift in cornstarch; beat to blend well. Gradually beat hot milk mixture into egg mixture. Return mixture to saucepan. Whisk over medium heat until mixture comes to boil, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Add chocolate. Whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Transfer to medium bowl. Place plastic wrap directly onto surface of pastry cream. Refrigerate until cold, about 3 hours. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover syrup and store at room temperature. Keep pastry cream refrigerated.) Whisk cold pastry cream until smooth. Using electric mixer, beat whipping cream in large bowl until medium-stiff peaks form. Transfer 1 1/2 cups whipped cream to another medium bowl; set aside to use as topping. Stir 1/3 of remaining whipped cream from large bowl into pastry cream to lighten. Fold remaining whipped cream from large bowl into pastry cream in 2 additions. Place 1 cake layer in bottom of 8-inch-diameter, 3-quart trifle bowl. Brush 1/4 of syrup over cake. Spread 3 tablespoons raspberry preserves over cake. Spread 1 cup pastry cream over. Arrange 1/2 cup fresh or frozen raspberries atop pastry cream. Repeat layering 3 times with remaining cake layers, syrup, preserves, pastry cream and 1 1/2 cups fresh or frozen raspberries. Spread reserved 1 1/2 cups whipped cream over trifle. Top whipped cream with 2 cups fresh raspberries. Lightly brush red currant jelly mixture over raspberries. Sprinkle with 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar. Garnish with red currant bunches or grape clusters, if desired. Cover and refrigerate at least 3 hours. (Can be prepared 8 hours ahead. Keep refrigerated.)