Put 5 cups flour in a 12-inch-wide mound on a work surface. Make a 6-inch-wide well in center (down to work surface) with fist. (The outer wall should be 1 1/2 to 2 inches high.) Break eggs into well and add oil. Beat eggs and oil together with a fork, then gradually beat in flour from inner side of well wall, keeping wall intact while mixture is runny, until it comes together in a cohesive, kneadable mass (about two thirds of flour from mound will have been incorporated). Knead dough with floured hands, incorporating just enough flour on work surface until dough no longer sticks to hands. (It will still be a little tacky; you will have flour left over.) Set dough aside and scrape up and discard flour from work surface. Lightly reflour work surface using some of remaining cup flour and continue to knead dough, reflouring hands often, until smooth and elastic, about 6 minutes more. (Dough should still be slightly tacky.) Form dough into a ball, then dust well with flour and wrap in plastic wrap. Let dough rest 30 minutes at room temperature. Remove plastic from dough (reflour dough if sticky) and cut into 4 pieces. Cover pieces with a bowl. Set smooth rollers of pasta machine on widest setting. Flatten 1 piece of dough into a rectangle and dust lightly with flour, then feed through rollers. (Keep remaining 3 pieces covered.) Fold rectangle in half, dusting very lightly with flour if necessary to prevent sticking, and feed through rollers again. Refold and feed dough through rollers 2 more times. Turn dial to next-narrower setting and feed dough through rollers once without folding and then 3 times folded (fold dough crosswise or lengthwise so that it stays narrower than width of rollers), dusting very lightly with flour after folding as necessary. (If edges of dough start to crack, stop adding flour.) Catch pasta sheet with your hand as it feeds through rollers instead of letting it rumple at base of machine. Continue to feed pasta sheet through rollers, 4 times for each setting (first time not folded), and making space between rollers narrower, until second-to-last setting is reached. Feed sheet through rollers as for previous settings (folding so that sheet is just narrower than width of rollers is important now). Lightly dust work surface with flour and set rollers on last setting. Feed sheet through rollers once only (it will be about 4 feet long and thin enough to see your hand through), then lay on dusted work surface. Cut sheet crosswise into 4 roughly 12-inch sections and lay them, lightly dusted with flour, in one layer on sheets of parchment paper to dry slightly while rolling remaining pasta. (Pasta can sit for 1/2 to 1 1/2 hours; the sheets should remain flexible and edges should not dry out; 2 or 3 parchment sheets with pasta may be stacked if space is limited, but be sure top of dough sheets are dusted with flour.) Once all sheets are rolled, or between batches if pasta is drying too fast, cut each dough sheet with pizza cutter or knife on a work surface lengthwise into noodles about 1 inch wide. Lightly toss pappardelle with flour if at all sticky and lay in very loose nests on parchment paper. Heat 3 cups of bolognese sauce in a 12- to 13-inch heavy deep skillet over moderate heat. Shake flour from pappardelle and cook in an 8-quart pot of boiling water seasoned with 2 tablespoons kosher salt, stirring occasionally to keep noodles separate, until al dente, 1 to 2 minutes. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain pasta in a colander (do not rinse). Add pasta and about 1/2 cup of reserved cooking water to skillet and toss with sauce. Add Parmigiano-Reggiano and cook, tossing, until pasta is well coated with sauce and cheese is melted (add more pasta water if mixture is dry), about 1 minute. Divide among 6 warmed shallow bowls and serve immediately with additional cheese.