Preheat oven to 200°F. Using paper towels, pat monkfish dry. Place each medallion between 2 pieces plastic wrap and lightly pound with mallet or rolling pin until 1/4-inch-thick. Season with salt and pepper. Place panko, Parmigiano-Reggiano, and parsley in food processor, pulse until finely ground, then place in shallow bowl. Place flour and egg in separate shallow bowls. Dredge 1 medallion in flour, shaking off excess, then dip in egg, letting excess drip off, then dredge in panko mixture until evenly coated. Place on large plate. Repeat with remaining medallions, then chill at least 45 minutes and up to 2 hours. In large nonstick skillet over moderately high heat, heat 2 tablespoons oil until hot but not smoking. Working in two batches (wipe pan clean and add 2 tablespoons oil between batches), fry monkfish, turning once, until cooked through, about 6 minutes total. Transfer to ovenproof platter, loosely cover with foil, and keep warm in oven. In 4-quart pot of boiling salted water, cook pasta until al dente, about 6 minutes. Drain, then place in medium bowl and toss with olive oil, Parmigiano-Reggiano, and pepper. Cover bowl with foil to keep warm and set aside. In 6-quart pot, combine clams, wine, 1 half of lemon, 1 teaspoon garlic, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a boil, then cover, lower heat, and simmer until clams open, 4 to 5 minutes. (Discard any that do not open.) Strain, reserving both broth and clams. Using fine-mesh strainer lined with cheesecloth, strain broth again, returning it to pot. Remove meat from clams, coarsely chop, and add to broth in pot. Add juice from remaining 1/2 lemon, remaining 2 teaspoons garlic, remaining teaspoon pepper, shallots, and red pepper flakes and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and whisk in butter. Remove from heat and whisk in parsley. Place 1/4 cup pastina on each of 4 soup plates. Place 2 monkfish medallions on top of each, and pour 1/4 cup clam sauce into each bowl around pastina. Sprinkle with Parmigiano-Reggiano and pepper and garnish with parsley sprigs.