Place the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on low speed until it is pliable. Add the flour and mix until combined. Scrape the mixture out onto a work surface and shape it into a 6-inch square about 1/2 inch high. Wrap the butter in plastic wrap and place it in a cool place (not the refrigerator) until ready to use. Put the water in the bowl of a stand mixer and stir the salt into it. Place the bowl on the mixer stand fitted with the dough hook. Begin mixing on low speed, gradually adding the all-purpose and bread flours. Add the melted butter and mix until a dough begins to form and just comes together; do not overmix. Shape the dough into a tight ball and, using a serrated knife, cut a cross halfway into the ball and wrap it in plastic wrap. Let the dough rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. 1. Pull out the corners of the cut edges in the dough ball to make it square shaped. On a lightly floured work surface, using a rolling pin, roll out the opened dough to an 8-inch square. Place the butter square diagonally in the center of the dough and fold over the dough points so that they meet in the center. Pinch the edges of the dough to seal the butter in the dough. Roll the dough out into a 10 by 20-inch rectangle, dusting very lightly with flour, as necessary, to prevent the dough from sticking. Make an impression with the rolling pin in the center of the rectangle. Brush off any excess flour from the dough and, with a short end facing you, fold the two short ends of the dough so that they meet in the center, leaving a slight gap. Fold the dough together as if you were closing a book-this is a double turn. Place the dough on a half-sheet pan, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. 2. For the next turn, place the unwrapped dough rectangle on the work surface so that the folded edges are facing you; the open ends will be on the left and right. Roll out the dough to a 10 by 20-inch rectangle and repeat the folding, rolling, and resting as directed in step 1. 3. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and place the unwrapped dough rectangle on the work surface so that the folded edges are facing you; the open ends will be on the left and right. Roll it out again to a 10 by 20-inch rectangle, dusting it lightly with flour as necessary. Brush off the excess flour and fold the bottom third of the dough up over the center, then fold the top third over, as if you were folding a business letter—this is a single turn. The dough is now ready to use.