Using a knife or garlic press, finely chop 2 garlic cloves. Pulse chopped garlic, egg yolks, pumpkin, ricotta, cinnamon, nutmeg, 1/2 cup grated Parmesan, 1 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper in a food processor, scraping down sides if needed, until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add flour and pulse just to combine, about 15 seconds. Transfer pumpkin mixture to pastry bag fitted with 1" round tip or a large resealable plastic bag. Chill at least 10 minutes. Cook broccolini in a 6–8-qt. pot of boiling salted water until crisp tender, 3–5 minutes. Using a spider or tongs, transfer to a colander to drain. Reserve water in pot. Smash remaining 4 garlic cloves with the side of a knife. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook, swirling pan occasionally, until butter turns caramel-brown and smells nutty and garlic is toasted, about 5 minutes. Pour all but 3 Tbsp. butter into a small bowl. Add squash to remaining brown butter in skillet; cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until squash begins to brown, about 5 minutes. Add 1/4 tsp. salt, 1/8 tsp. pepper, and 1/3 cup water; cover pan and cook until squash begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Uncover and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid has evaporated and squash is tender and caramelized, about 5 minutes more. Bring reserved water to a simmer. Tie a long enough piece of butcher's twine onto handles of pot so that it stretches tightly across top of pot. If using a resealable plastic bag, cut a 1" opening in 1 corner. Working in 3 batches, pipe dough into pot, using twine to cut off 1/2" lengths and letting dough drop into water. Cook gnocchi until cooked through and puffed, 4–5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a greased sheet tray. Repeat with remaining dough, reserving 1/4 cup pasta cooking liquid. Toast pine nuts in a dry small skillet over medium-high, tossing often, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Let cool. Meanwhile, return reserved garlic and 5 Tbsp. brown butter to skillet. Add broccolini and cook, stirring, until coated. Add reserved 1/4 cup pasta cooking liquid and simmer until a thin sauce forms, about 1 minute; season with remaining 1/2 tsp. salt and 1/2 tsp. pepper. Divide vegetables and gnocchi among bowls and spoon remaining sauce from pan over gnocchi. Top with pine nuts and 1/4 cup shaved Parmesan. Gnocchi dough can be made 1 day ahead; cover pastry tip and chill.