Preheat oven to 425°F. Discard loose fat from goose. With a cleaver or heavy knife cut goose kneck into 2-inch pieces. Quarter 1 onion and quarter celery crosswise. Rinse goose inside and out and pat dry. Pierce skin of goose all over with a fork to allow fat to drain and help skin to become crisp. Season goose with salt and pepper and loosely pack neck cavity with enough bread to fill out cavity (this will prevent cavity skin from collapsing during roasting). Fold neck skin under body and fasten with a small skewer. Fill body cavity with quartered onion and celery and tie legs together loosely with kitchen string (or insert legs through slit in lower skin flap if provided). Cut remaining 2 onions and carrots into 2-inch pieces. Transfer goose, breast side up, to a rack set in a deep flame-proof roasting pan and scatter onion and carrot pieces, neck pieces, and giblets in pan. Roast goose in middle of oven 30 minutes. Reduce temperature to 325°F. and carefully pour boiling water over goose (juices may splatter). Roast goose, skimming off fat (save fat; click here for a recipe) and basting with pan juices using a metal bulb baster every 20 minutes, 2 to 2 1/2 hours more, or until a meat thermometer inserted in fleshy part of thigh registers 175°F. and juices run clear when thigh is pierced with a skewer. Transfer goose to a heated platter. Remove skewer and discard string. Keep goose warm, loosely covered with foil. With a slotted spoon discard vegetables, neck pieces, and giblets from pan. Spoon off fat from pan juices and reserve. On top of stove, deglaze pan with white wine and Port over moderately high heat, scraping up brown bits, and boil mixture until reduced by about half. In a 2 1/2- 3-quart heavy saucepan whisk together 1/4 cup reeserved fat (save remainder for another use) and flour and cook roux over moderately low heat, whisking, 3 minutes. Add Port mixture and broth in a stream, whisking to prevent lumps, and bring gravy to a boil, whisking constantly. Simmer gravy, whisking frequently, 5 minutes, or until thickened. Season gravy with salt and pepper. Transfer gravy to a heated sauceboat. Garnish goose with parsley.