Grate enough lemon peel (yellow part only) from 1 lemon to measure 2 teaspoons. Grind lemon peel and 6 peeled garlic cloves, rosemary, salt, and pepper in mortar with pestle or in mini processor until paste forms. Add mustard; mix until blended. Cut peeled lemon in half. Fill large saucepan 2/3 full of water. Squeeze 1 lemon half into water; add squeezed lemon half to saucepan. Sprinkle water with salt and bring to boil. Meanwhile, working with 1 artichoke at a time, cut off top 1/3 of artichoke. Break off dark outer leaves until only pale green leaves remain. Using vegetable peeler, trim stem and any uneven parts around heart. Rub cut edges with second peeled lemon half. Place in saucepan of boiling salted water with lemon. Cook until artichokes are tender when pierced with knife, about 8 minutes. Drain; pat dry. DO AHEAD: Mustard paste and artichokes can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately and chill. Coat 13 x 9 x 2-inch roasting pan with nonstick spray. Place pork, fat side up, in pan. Rub mustard paste over top and sides of pork. Let marinate at room temperature 30 minutes. Place artichokes, 10 unpeeled garlic cloves, shallots, and oil in medium bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; toss to coat and set aside. Preheat oven to 450°F. Roast pork until crust begins to brown, about 20 minutes. Reduce heat to 350°F. Arrange artichoke mixture around pork. Roast until instant-read thermometer inserted into center of roast registers 145°F and vegetables are tender, about 45 minutes. Transfer pork to work surface; tent with foil to keep warm and let rest 15 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer vegetables to medium bowl; cover to keep warm. Place roasting pan directly on stovetop over medium-high heat. Add vermouth and bring to simmer, scraping up any browned bits with wooden spoon. Simmer until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 3 minutes. Add chicken broth; simmer until reduced to scant 1/2 cup jus, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cut pork into 3/4-inch-thick slices; arrange on platter. Spoon vegetables around pork. Serve, passing jus alongside.