Discard any discolored leaves from leeks, then cut off root end (to expose layers) and discard. Thinly slice enough of dark green ends to measure 1/4 cup. Wash sliced leeks well and reserve for broth. Keep remainder of leeks (for lining) separately. Bring wine and water to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan with sliced leeks, onion, carrot, cilantro sprigs, 1 tablespoon ginger, 1/2 teaspoon crushed coriander seeds, 1/8 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon white pepper, then simmer, partially covered, 20 minutes. Pour broth through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on and then discarding solids. (You will have 1 to 1 1/2 cups broth.) Set bowl in a larger bowl of ice and cold water and chill broth until cold, 5 to 10 minutes. While broth is simmering, slit 1 side of each leek lengthwise, cutting only to center, and peel off layers. Rinse layers in warm water to remove any grit, then cook in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer with tongs to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking, then spread layers flat on paper towels and pat dry. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 325°F. Lightly oil loaf pan, then line bottom and long sides of pan by draping some of leeks crosswise over bottom and up long sides of pan, allowing at least 1 inch of leeks to hang over each side. Cut salmon into 1-inch cubes, then weigh on scale (if using) with enough scallops (about 3) to total 1/2 lb and set aside together. Purée remaining 1/2 lb scallops (about 10) with 1 tablespoon egg white, 1/8 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon white pepper in a food processor until smooth. Add 1/2 cup cooled broth and blend well. With motor running, add 3 tablespoons oil in a slow stream until incorporated. Transfer scallop purée to lined terrine with a rubber spatula and smooth top evenly. Stir together chopped cilantro leaves, 1/8 teaspoon salt, and remaining tablespoon ginger and 1/2 teaspoon crushed coriander seeds in a small bowl, then sprinkle evenly over scallop purée. Purée salmon and scallop mixture with remaining tablespoon egg white, 1/8 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon white pepper in processor until smooth. Add 1/2 cup cooled broth and blend well. With motor running, add remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a slow stream until incorporated. Spoon salmon purée evenly over herb mixture to fill terrine, then smooth top. Fold leeks over purée to cover, filling in any bare spots with additional pieces of remaining leeks. Cover surface of terrine with an oiled piece of wax paper or parchment (oiled side down). Put loaf pan in a larger baking pan and bake in a hot water bath until terrine is just cooked through (terrine will be firm to the touch and will separate easily from sides of pan), about 30 minutes. Let terrine stand in loaf pan on a rack at least 15 minutes before unmolding. Whisk together vinegar, salt, and white pepper, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking until combined well. Toss frisée, endive, and radicchio in a large bowl with just enough vinaigrette to coat. Divide salad among 8 plates, then unmold terrine (warm or at room temperature) and cut into 8 slices. Divide among plates, then drizzle with remaining vinaigrette and sprinkle with fleur de sel, crushed coriander seeds, and cilantro.