Mix chiles, garlic, onion, and vinegar in a small bowl; season with salt. Thinly slice sweet potatoes and carrots into 3x1/4" planks (use a mandoline if you have one), then slice lengthwise into matchsticks. Place in a medium bowl and toss with a few pinches of salt. Let sit until slightly softened, about 30 minutes. Rinse off salt and pat dry. Pour oil into a large heavy pot to a depth of at least 2" but with at least a 4" headspace, as oil will bubble aggressively when you add fritters. Fit pot with thermometer; heat oil over medium-high until thermometer registers 330°F–340°F. Meanwhile, combine club soda and fish sauce in a large measuring glass. Add cornstarch and whisk until smooth. Place half of sweet potato and carrot mixture, shrimp, and cilantro in a medium bowl and toss to combine. Pour in half of cornstarch slurry and toss to coat (slurry should cling to shrimp and vegetables in a light, even layer). Using a slotted spoon, carefully lower half of slurry-coated vegetable and shrimp mixture into oil. Once bubbling subsides, mixture will disperse across the surface of oil. Using a spider or a clean slotted spoon, corral vegetables and shrimp by gathering them against the side of the pot until they form a large mound that clings together and can be turned as a single unit. Fry, turning occasionally and increasing heat as needed to keep oil temperature between 330°F and 340°F, until fritter is golden brown and crisp around edges, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Repeat process with remaining slurry-coated vegetable and shrimp mixture, adding a splash or so of club soda if needed to loosen batter (it should look like a glossy coating), to make another fritter. Repeat entire process with remaining sweet potato and carrot mixture, cilantro, shrimp, and cornstarch slurry to make 2 more fritters. Season fritters lightly with salt. Serve with chile vinegar alongside for dipping. Chile vinegar can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.
Vegetables can be salted, drained, and patted dry 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.