Preheat the oven to 350°F. Toast the sesame seeds in a small dry frying pan over
medium heat until fragrant and golden. Tip onto
a plate and leave to cool. Meanwhile, grease an 8-inch straight-sided, loose-bottomed
flan or cake tin (1-inch deep) and set it
on a baking tray. Once the sesame seeds are cool, tip them and
the remaining pastry ingredients, along with
3 tablespoons of water, into a food processor.
Whiz together until they form damp crumbs. Alternatively, to make by hand, put the flour and
butter into a large bowl. Pick up bits of the mixture
with the tips of your fingers and rub your thumb
into your fingers to blend the ingredients together,
allowing it to fall back into the bowl. Keep doing this
until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Stir
the sesame seeds through. Lightly beat the egg in
a small bowl and stir into the crumbs really well
with a small knife until it starts to form lumps. Add 3 tablespoons of water to bring it together. Dust a clean work surface with a little flour and tip the
dough out onto it. Bring it together into a smooth ball
then roll it out to the thickness of that of a
nickel (about 2mm) to give a roughly 8 2/3-inch circle
(slightly larger than the diameter of the tin). Carefully lower the pastry into the prepared tin,
easing it against the bottom and edges. Use a small,
sharp knife to trim the excess pastry off the top rim,
using bits of the excess to seal up holes or cracks
if necessary. Scrunch up a circular piece of baking
parchment a little larger than the tin, then unscrunch
and sit it in the pastry crust. Tip in ceramic baking
beans or dried beans and bake for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, make the filling. Heat the oil or butter
in a medium pan over a low–medium heat. Add the
onion and cook down for about 10 minutes or until
soft, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, beat the crème
fraîche, yogurt, and eggs together in a large bowl until
combined. Stir in the kale, season, and set aside. After the pastry has been cooking for 20 minutes,
remove the paper and beans and return the pastry
crust to the oven for a further 5 minutes or until the
pastry is cooked, the base is sandy to the touch, and
it looks lightly golden brown. Once softened, remove the onion from the heat and
leave to cool. Once cool, stir into the kale mix. Once the pastry crust is cooked, remove from the
oven and pour in the kale mixture. Arrange the
smoked salmon on top. Bake for 35 minutes, or until
the salmon is catching colour and the quiche cooked
through to the centre. Remove and allow to cool a
little. Carefully remove from the tin, cut into quarters
and top with freshly torn basil.