1. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the cream to soft peaks. 2. Whisk the Pastry Cream until smooth. Gently fold in the orange zest and whipped cream. Transfer the cream to a pastry bag fitted with a medium, plain tip and refrigerate until ready to serve. 1. In a small bowl, combine the cornstarch with 2 tablespoons (30 g/1 oz) of the water. 2. In a small saucepan, combine the brown sugar, vanilla bean pod and seeds, and remaining 2 cups (470 g/16.5 oz) water and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the cornstarch mixture and cook, whisking, for another minute. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the butter, salt, and rum. Keep the sauce warm until serving, or refrigerate it, covered, and rewarm before serving. 1. Preheat the oven to 350째F (177째C). Place the pecans in a medium bowl and set aside. 2. In a small saucepan, combine the water and sugar and bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring, just until the sugar has dissolved. Pour the syrup over the pecans and toss until combined. Spread the coated pecans on a half-sheet pan and bake for about 8 minutes, tossing once during baking, until browned and fragrant. 1. Preheat the oven to 400째F (204째C). Line a half-sheet pan with a silicone baking mat. 2. On a lightly floured work surface, roll the puff pastry out to a thickness of 1/2 inch. Using a 3-inch round pastry cutter, cut out 10 rounds from the dough. Arrange the rounds on the prepared sheet pan and top with another silicone baking mat and half-sheet pan; this will allow the rounds to rise evenly. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes, or until the rounds are browned and nicely puffed. Remove the top sheet pan and baking mat. Preheat the broiler and dust the rounds liberally with confectioners' sugar. Place the rounds under the broiler until they are caramelized. Assemble the desserts immediately. While the Puff Pastry Rounds are still hot from the oven, split them in half. Scoop out any undercooked dough from the center of each half and pipe a generous amount of cold Orange-Scented Pastry Cream on the bottom half of the puff. Replace the top of the puff. Place the dessert on a plate and spoon some Caramel Butter Sauce on top of the warm pastry. Garnish with some Candied Pecans.