Season the short ribs generously on all sides with salt and pepper. In a large skillet over moderately high heat, warm 2 tablespoons of the oil until hot but not smoking. Add the short ribs and sear until browned on all sides. Transfer short ribs to a plate and set aside. In a large saucepan over moderate heat, warm the remaining 2 tablespoons oil until hot but not smoking. Add the carrots, celery, onion, garlic, ginger, jalapeño, bay leaves, peppercorns, and cloves and sauté, stirring occasionally, until caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar, tamarind paste, molasses, and anchovies and simmer, stirring occasionally, until reduced by about 1/3. Add the beef stock and demi-glace. Add the seared short ribs and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer, cover the pot, and simmer until the meat is fork-tender, about 3 hours. Transfer the short ribs to a plate. Pour the braising liquid through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl and discard the solids. Return the strained braising liquid and the short ribs to the large saucepan, cover, and keep warm until ready to serve. In a medium saucepan over moderate heat, combine the sunchokes, cream, and butter and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and continue simmering until the sunchokes are tender. Transfer the sunchokes, reserving the cooking liquid, to a blender or food processor, and process, adding the liquid as necessary, until completely smooth. Transfer the to a bowl, stir in the truffles, and season with salt and pepper. Reserve a couple of watercress leaves for garnish. In a medium pot of boiling water, blanch the remaining watercress. Transfer to a blender or food processor, add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and process until smooth. With the blender or food processor on low, slowly add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and continue to process until smooth and fully incorporated. Transfer to a small bowl and stir in the lemon zest. In a large skillet over high heat, warm the oil until hot but not smoking. Add the mushrooms and sauté, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 6 minutes. Add the butter and let it melt, stirring occasionally. Add the vegetable stock and simmer, stirring occasionally, to glaze the mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the sunchoke purée among 4 large plates. Top each with 1 short rib then divide the mushrooms among the plates, arranging them around the short ribs. Drizzle the plate with the braising liquid and the watercress purée and garnish with the reserved watercress leaves.