Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out the pastry on a lightly floured work surface to form an 11 1/2 inch round. Transfer the pastry on its baking sheet to the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Peel, halve, and core apples. Spread the sugar evenly over the bottom of a 10-inch cast-iron, oven-proof skillet. Place the butter slices evenly over the sugar, then arrange the apple halves on top of the butter. Begin at the outside edge and stand the halves on their sides, facing in one direction with stem ends toward the center. Pack the apples as close together as possible, gently pushing them together so they are held standing by pressure. Make a second circle of apple halves inside the first, packing them in on their edges as well. Place one apple half right in the center of the second circle to fill in the small space that remains. The idea is to get as many apples into the pan as possible, while keeping them nicely arranged. Place the skillet over medium-low heat and cook the apples in the butter and sugar, uncovered, until the sugar turns golden brown; this will take at least 1 hour. Watch the apples closely to be sure they don't stick; you may want to adjust the heat now and then, to slow down or speed up the cooking. As the sugar and butter melt and the apples give up some of their juices, baste the apples occasionally with a turkey baster. The apples may give up a great deal of juice, which can spatter. Do not be concerned - gradually the juice will caramelize along with the sugar and will caramelize the apples nearly all the way through, though they will remain uncooked on top. Preheat the oven to 425°. When the cooking juices are deep golden and the apples are nearly cooked through, remove the pastry from the refrigerator and quickly and carefully place it over the apples, gently pushing it down around them, simultaneously easing it toward the center so that if it shrinks on the sides there will still be enough of it to cover the apples. Using a sharp knife, trim off and discard any extra pastry. Place the skillet on a baking sheet. Bake in the center of the oven until the pastry is golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Don't be concerned if the juices bubble over; the tart will be more or less juicy, depending on the variety of apple you have used. Remove the skillet from the oven. Immediately invert a serving platter with a slight lip over the skillet. Quickly but carefully—the juices will be very hot—flip the two so the crust is on the bottom , the apples are on top, and the juices don't run off onto the floor. Remove the skillet. Should any apples stick, gently remove and reinsert them into their rightful place. Serve generous slices as soon as the tart has cooled slightly, but is still very warm through. Place the flour and salt in a food processor and process once to mix. Add the butter and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, pulsing five to eight times. Add the 5 tablespoons ice water and pulse just until the pastry begins to hold together, not more than nine to ten times. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon water if the pastry seems dry . (To make pastry without a food processor, place the flour and salt in a bowl and work the cold butter into it using your fingers, until it resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle over 5 tablespoons of water and work it in using your fingers, until the pastry begins to hold together. Add the additional water if the pastry seems dry.) Transfer the pastry to a work surface and knead it gently just until it forms a ball. Flatten the ball, place it on a work surface, cover it with a bowl so it