Cut cake into 8 wedges. Trim rounded end of each wedge to form a straight edge and on a paper plate stand each wedge on end, point up. Spread most of reserved frosting on all 4 sides of each wedge, reserving remaining frosting for glue for breadsticks. Cake wedges may be assembled up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered loosely after frosting firms up. If made ahead, remaining frosting should be chilled and brought to room temperature before proceeding with recipe. Spread cocoa powder on a sheet of wax paper. Working with 1 breadstick at a time, on another sheet of wax paper brush breadsticks with honey and roll in cocoa powder, tapping off excess. On paper plates arrange 4 breadstick around each wedge of cake, intersecting above the top of the wedge to form a frame for white chocolate leather and using reserved frosting to glue sticks to cake. Into a small bowl sift together sugar and cocoa powder and whisk in 3 teaspoons water until smooth, adding remaining teaspoon water if necessary to form an icing that will pipe. Transfer icing to a resealable plastic bag and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Squeeze icing to one corner and snip off corner as close to edge as possible to make a small hole for piping icing. Out of wax paper cut a trapezoid with 2 parallel sides measuring 12 inches and 10 inches, respectively, connected by two 6-inch-long sides. Working with 1 piece at a time, dust white chocolate leather with sugar and on a surface dusted with additional sugar roll out into a 12- by 16-inch rectangle. Using trapezoid template cut out tent pattern, preferably with a fluted pastry wheel. Working quickly, pipe icing in decorative Native American designs on tent and wrap tent around tepee frame, crimping leather where breadsticks intersect. (If leather becomes too soft to pick up, chill on a baking sheet until just firm enough to handle.) Trim excess leather from tepee with pastry wheel and open flaps to expose cake. Chill each tepee cake as it is made. Tepee cakes may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. With a wooden pick or skewer make 2 holes in the top of each chilled tent for licorice lace. Run a piece of licorice lace through holes and tie once. Arrange red hot candies along base of tent, gluing them with some of remaining frosting. In a bowl toss coconut with food coloring until colored evenly. Spread coconut grass on a large serving tray. With a metal spatula carefully transfer each tepee to tray.