Cut rind from pineapple half, then squeeze juice from rind with your hands into a bowl. Pour juice through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl. Core pineapple, then finely chop pineapple flesh and chill, covered, until ready to use. Bring cream, milk, sugar, and salt to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Whisk eggs in a bowl until blended, then add hot cream mixture in a slow stream, whisking. Transfer custard back to saucepan and cook over moderately low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until thick enough to coat back of spoon and registers 175 to 180°F on thermometer, 3 to 5 minutes (do not let boil). Immediately pour through sieve into cleaned bowl and stir in zest, orange and lemon juices, and reserved pineapple juice. Cool custard to room temperature, stirring occasionally, then chill, its surface covered with a round of wax paper, until cold, about 3 hours. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread coconut evenly in a shallow baking pan and toast in middle of oven, stirring occasionally, until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool in pan on a rack. Reduce oven to 200°F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment and, using removable bottom of springform pan as a template, trace 3 circles on parchment (2 on 1 sheet and 1 on other). Turn parchment over (circles will be visible through paper). Beat egg whites with cream of tartar and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until they hold soft peaks. Beat in sugar 1 tablespoon at a time and continue to beat until meringue holds stiff glossy peaks, about 5 minutes. Fold coconut into meringue, then spoon half into pastry bag. Holding bag perpendicular to and 1 inch above parchment, pipe meringue evenly into parchment circles in a spiral, beginning in center of each and ending just inside traced line. (Refill bag with meringue as needed.) Bake meringues in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until dry to the touch, very pale, and crisp, about 2 hours total. (On rainy days, it may be necessary to bake meringues longer.) Slide meringues (on parchment) onto racks and cool completely. Peel paper from meringues. Freeze custard in ice cream maker. Transfer to a bowl and stir in chilled chopped pineapple. If not using immediately, transfer ice cream to an airtight container and put in freezer. Line bottom of springform pan with a round of wax paper. Trim edges of meringues with a knife, if necessary, to fit into pan. Place 1 meringue, flat side down, in bottom of pan. Spread meringue evenly with half of ice cream, then top with another meringue, pressing it gently into ice cream. Spread meringue evenly with remaining ice cream, then cover with remaining meringue, flat side down, pressing it gently into ice cream. Wrap pan with plastic wrap and freeze until dacquoise is firm, at least 2 hours. About 20 minutes before serving, remove dacquoise from pan (discard wax paper) and transfer to a serving plate, then put in refrigerator to soften.