Combine all ingredients in blender. Blend until smooth. DO AHEAD: Crepe batter can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Reblend before using. Line plate with paper towel or parchment paper. Heat 9-inch-diameter nonstick skillet with 7-inch-diameter bottom over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons crepe batter to skillet; tilt and swirl skillet to spread batter evenly over bottom. Cook until center of crepe is cooked through and edges are lightly browned, about 1 minute. Run spatula around crepe and invert onto prepared paper-towel-lined plate. Repeat with remaining batter, placing paper towels or parchment paper between crepes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Using electric mixer, beat sugar, butter, and salt in medium bowl until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Gradually add rum and beat until well blended. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add pineapple to skillet and scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Add sugar and salt; stir until sugar dissolves and pineapple and pan juices are lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Stir in lime juice. Remove from heat. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Preheat oven to 300°F. Place crepe stack (with paper towels between crepes) on rimmed baking sheet. Cover baking sheet with foil; warm crepes in oven until heated through, about 15 minutes. Place rum butter sauce mixture in small saucepan; heat over medium heat until melted and smooth, stirring occasionally. Rewarm tropical fruit mixture over medium heat, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Stir in papaya and mango. Place 1 crepe on plate, browned side down. Spoon 2 teaspoons rum butter sauce over crepe, then fold crepe into quarters. Repeat with 2 more crepes on same plate. Spoon tropical fruit over. Repeat with remaining crepes, rum butter sauce, and tropical fruit, placing 3 crepes on each of 6 plates. Spoon any remaining rum butter sauce over crepes and serve.