Rinse porcini mushrooms briefly under cold water. Place in small bowl. Pour 1 cup hot water over and let soak 30 minutes to soften. Remove mushrooms from soaking liquid, squeezing excess liquid back into bowl; reserve soaking liquid. Chop mushrooms, discarding any hard stems. Heat oil in heavy Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onion and cook until tender, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add porcini, button and shiitake mushrooms and garlic. Sauté until mushrooms begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add rosemary and crushed red pepper and sauté 30 seconds. Add wine. Pour in reserved mushroom soaking liquid, leaving any sediment behind. Increase heat to high and boil until liquid is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add canned tomatoes. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until sauce is thick, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Combine ricotta, Parmesan and pesto in medium bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix in eggs and yolk. (Sauce and filling can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate.) Cook noodles in pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Rinse under cold water to cool; drain. Oil 13x9x2-inch baking dish. Spread 1/4 of sauce over bottom of dish. Arrange 3 or 4 noodles over, trimming to fit as necessary. Spread half of filling over. Spoon 1/4 of sauce over. Sprinkle with 1/3 of goat cheese. Top with 3 or 4 noodles, trimming to fit. Spread remaining filling over noodles. Spoon 1/4 of sauce over. Sprinkle with 1/3 of goat cheese. Top with 3 or 4 noodles, trimming to fit. Press gently to compact. Spread with remaining sauce. Sprinkle with remaining goat cheese. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead; cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Let lasagne stand 1 hour at room temperature before continuing.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Cover lasagne with foil and set on baking sheet. Bake 35 minutes. Uncover and continue baking until sauce bubbles and cheese melts, about 35 minutes. Garnish with tomato and let stand 15 minutes. Garnish with herbs and serve.