Cut off the stems of the eggplants and discard. Slice the eggplant lengthwise into .5-inch-thick slices. Salt and layer the eggplant slices in a colander set over a bowl. Place a large bowl of water on top of the slices to act as a weight. Let the eggplant “sweat” for at least 1 hour to remove the excess water. Butter a 9 X 3½-inch-deep round mold or cake pan and coat the inside evenly with the ½ cup bread crumbs. Shake out the excess crumbs and refrigerate the mold until ready to fill. To make the sauce: In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil and cook, stirring, the onions, carrot, and celery until they soften. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until the garlic softens. Stir in the tomatoes, red wine, and bay leaf. Cover the pan and simmer the sauce for 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. Remove the bay leaf before using. Cook the bucatini according to the directions on the package. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Set aside. In a medium-size bowl, combine the veal, egg, white wine, the 2 tablespoons grated Pecorino, bread crumbs, and salt. Mix gently to just combine the ingredients. Form marble-size meatballs with your hands. Heat the butter in a large saute pan and fry the meatballs (see Notes) until browned on all sides. Transfer the meatballs to the bowl with the bucatini. Add the mozzarella, parsley, and 2 cups of the tomato sauce. Stir to combine the ingredients well and set aside. Rinse and dry the eggplant slices. Heat the peanut oil in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Fry the eggplant slices a few at a time until they soften, about 2 minutes on each side. Drain the slices on brown paper. Use additional oil if the pan seems dry. Preheat the oven to 325°F. Line the prepared mold with the eggplant slices, draping them lengthwise over the bottom and overlapping them up the sides of the mold. There should be about a 3-inch overhang over the top edges of the mold. Make sure there are no open spots and that the mold is completely lined with the slices. Spoon the bucatini mixture evenly in the mold, packing it down with a wooden spoon all the way around. Fold the overhanging slices of eggplant in over the top of the mold; the mixture should be completely encased by the eggplant. Spread ½ cup of the remaining tomato sauce over the top of the mold and sprinkle with the Yicup Pecorino. Bake the timballo, uncovered, for 45 minutes. It is done when the timballo shrinks a bit along the sides and a knife will easily move along the sides. Remove the mold from the oven and loosely cover the top with a sheet of aluminum foil. Let the mold stand for 20 minutes. Heat the remaining tomato sauce. Remove the foil from the timballo and run a butter knife around the inside edges to loosen it. Place a serving dish larger than the mold over the top and carefully invert it onto the dish. Cut the timballo into wedges and serve with additional sauce on the side.