Split the ladyfingers and make little sandwiches of them using more than half of the jam, then press them into the base of your glass bowl. Reduce the amaretti biscuits to rubble in the food processor and, reserving some crumbs for sprinkling over the top at the end, scatter most of them evenly over the ladyfingers and then pour over them a generous ½ cup of the limoncello. Put the remaining ¼ cup or so of jam into a wide saucepan with the lemon juice and melt over a low heat, then tumble in the blackberries and turn in the heat for a minute or so just until the juices start running. Tip these over the biscuit-sprinkled, liqueur-soused sandwiches to cover and leave this while you get on with the next bit. Whisk the egg yolks with the sugar until you have a thick, smooth, yellow paste. I use my KitchenAid for this, but any old handheld electric mixer or whisk would be fine. Still whisking, drip in another ¼ cup limoncello and continue whisking away until you have a light moussey mixture. Whisk in the mascarpone until everything is smoothly combined, and when this is done add the remaining limoncello. Finally, in another bowl, whisk the egg whites until firm, but not dry, and fold these into the lemony, eggy mascarpone mixture. Now spread this gently over the blackberries in the glass bowl. Cover the thus-far assembled trifle with plastic wrap and leave in the refrigerator for the flavors and textures to steep and meld for at least 4 hours and up to 24. Take the trifle out of the refrigerator for about 40 minutes to an hour before it’s needed (depending on how cold your refrigerator runs) to get to coolish room temperature. Not long before you want to eat, toast the slivered almonds by tossing them in a dry pan over medium heat until they are turning gold and flashed bronze in parts, then tip them onto a plate. When they’re cool, mix them with the reserved amaretti crumbs. Remove the plastic wrap from the bowl and scatter the nuts and crumbs over the pale, set surface. Dig in and serve, making sure to heap the full triple-banded layer on each plate: the lemony, almondy, cream-swathed berriness makes this the perfect ending to a large, lazy summer lunch.