To make the tart dough, combine all of the dry ingredients in the bowl of a food processor, and pulse once or twice to combine. Add the butter cubes to the bowl. Pulse until the dough forms into large crumbles, being careful not to overmix, about 30 pulses. Add the ice water to the bowl and turn the processor on, mixing until the dough is just combined and comes together in 2 or 3 large portions. This only takes about 8 to 10 seconds, so be mindful not to overprocess. Turn the dough out onto the countertop and press into a flat round disk (about 6 inches wide). Work quickly and don’t handle the dough too much. Wrap it tightly in plastic wrap and chill for at least 2 hours, or until you’re ready to roll it out. Lightly flour a work surface and roll out the dough into a 10-inch round, making sure to rotate and flip it over, rolling both sides. Fold it in half loosely and place it over a 9-inch tart pan with a removable bottom, the crease of the dough running down the middle of the pan, and the edges overhanging slightly. Unfold the dough so it hangs over the edge of the tart pan. Press the dough gently into the corners of the pan, being careful not to stretch it thin. Fold under any overhanging crust, and press it into the walls of tart pan. Run a rolling pin over the top of the pan, pressing down to trim any extra dough and make it flush with top edge of the pan. Use a fork to pierce the bottom of the tart shell, and freeze for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Take the tart shell from the freezer and line it with parchment paper. Fill the parchment paper with pie weights or beans, pressing them into the corners. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove the pie weights and bake for another 10 to 15 minutes, until golden brown. Remove the shell from the oven and cool for at least 15 minutes, or until you’re ready to use it. To prepare the filling: When you’re ready to make the filling, be sure the oven is preheated to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream together the butter and sugar until fluffy and white, about 5 minutes. Add the egg, egg yolk, and vanilla, and mix well to combine. Add the ground almonds, flour, and salt; mix together until well combined. Spread the filling into the pre-baked tart shell. Press the apple slices into the almond filling, slightly overlapping them and working in a circle from the outside of the tart to the center. Sprinkle with the demerara sugar and bake until the apples are golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool before serving.