Make the dough: Place the milk in a heatproof container and cook in a microwave oven for 1½ minutes. Carefully add the shortening to the milk and set aside. Make sure the shortening melts completely and that the mixture cools to lukewarm before adding to the other ingredients. Add the yeast, water, eggs, the ¼ cup sugar, the salt, the nutmeg, the milk and shortening mixture, and half of the flour to the bowl of a stand mixer. Using the paddle attachment, combine the ingredients on low speed until the flour is incorporated, then turn the speed up to medium and beat until well combined. Add the remaining flour, combine on low speed at first, then increase the speed to medium and beat well. Change to the dough hook attachment and beat on medium speed until the dough pulls away from the bowl and becomes smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a well-oiled bowl, cover, and let rise for 1 hour or until doubled in size. While the dough is rising, mix together the apples, lemon juice, the 2 tablespoons sugar, and the cinnamon in a medium bowl. Set aside. On a well-floured work surface, roll the dough out to a 24-inch square. Evenly spread the apple mixture on the surface of the dough. Gently press the mixture into the dough. Starting at the bottom edge of the dough, roll into a log. Cut the log into 12 even pieces and lay each piece cut sides up and down. Cover with a tea towel and let rise for 30 minutes. Make the fritter glaze: While the dough is rising for the last 30 minutes, whisk together the milk, confectioners sugar, and vanilla in a medium saucepan over low heat. Remove the pan from the heat and set over a bowl of warm water in order to keep warm while frying the fritters. To finish the fritters: In a deep fryer or Dutch oven, heat the oil to 350 degrees. Gently place the fritters in the oil, two at a time, and cook for 45 seconds per side. Transfer to a cooling rack placed in a baking pan. Let cool just until able to handle. Dip the fritters into the glaze, one at a time, and return them to the cooling rack for 5 minutes before serving.