To Make The CREAM: Working in a medium bowl with a whisk, beat the butter and sugar together for a minute or so, until the sugar dissolves and the butter whitens a little. Whisk in the almonds, then the egg, beating until the mixture is blended. Finally, whisk in the cream and Calvados. Cover the bowl and refrigerate until needed. (The cream can be kept covered in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.) TO MAKE THE APPLES: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 350°F (180°c). Cut 4 of the apples in half and slice each half into thirds. Grate the remaining 2 apples on the coarse side of a box grater. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter and 1 tablespoon of the sugar in a large skillet over high heat. Add the grated apples and cook, stirring, until they are golden brown, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the apples to a plate. Add the remaining 6 tablespoons (85 grams) butter and the rest of the sugar to the pan and, when the butter is bubbling, toss in the apple slices. Cook the apples, stirring frequently, until they are lightly caramelized, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour in the Calvados, turn off the heat, and carefully touch a match to the liquid. When the flames die down, pull the pan from the stove. Transfer the apple slices to a baking pan (or keep them in the skillet if it is ovenproof) and bake for 20 minutes, or until they are almost cooked through. Cool for 30 minutes. TO ASSEMBLE THE TART: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper and put the tart shell on the sheet. Spoon the almond cream evenly into the crust. Top with the baked apples, arranging them attractively in a single layer. Check the grated apples—if they are wet, press them either between your palms or between paper towels. Fluff up the grated apples with your fingers or a fork and arrange them over the apple slices, leaving a bare border of an inch (2.5 cm) or so. Bake the tart for 40 to 50 minutes, or until the almond cream has puffed and the apples are beautifully browned. Cool the tart on a rack; unmold and serve it when it is either just warm or at room temperature. Dust the tart generously with confectioners’ sugar right before bringing it to the table.