To make the pastry layer, roll the dough out into a 10 × 15-inch rectangle. Place it on one of the paper-covered pans and refrigerate it for an hour. After it has rested for about 40 minutes, set a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Remove the pastry from the refrigerator and pierce it all over with a fork. Cover with a second piece of parchment and then the second pan and bake for about 30 minutes, until the pastry is deep golden and baked through. Turn the stack of pans and pastry over top to bottom every 8 or 10 minutes to ensure even baking. To prevent warping, cool on a rack between pans. To prepare the filling, peel and cut the bananas into ¼-inch-thick slices. In a nonreactive bowl stir the bananas with the sugar and rum several times to mix, then cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until needed. To make the caramel sauce, stir the sugar and water together in a 2-quart saucepan. Place over low heat and allow to melt and caramelize, stirring occasionally. In a separate pan, heat the cream to a simmer. When the caramel is a deep amber color, remove the pan from the heat and add the hot cream, a quarter at a time, from a ladle held at arm’s length away from the pan of caramel (it spatters far). After all the cream has been added, stir once, replace the pan on the heat, and allow to come to a full boil. Remove from the heat and pour into a heavy bowl or pan to cool. Shortly before you assemble the dessert, prepare the whipped cream. In a bowl, whip the cream with the sugar and vanilla, cover, and set it aside, refrigerated. Use a sharp, round, 3-inch cutter or a cardboard pattern and a sharp paring knife to cut the baked pastry layer into 3-inch circles (you should end up with 16). 8. To assemble, place the caramel sauce in a squeeze bottle—or use a large spoon—and streak the dessert plates with the sauce. Place a pastry in the center of each plate and top with a large spoonful of the bananas. Pipe or spoon a large dollop of whipped cream over the bananas and cover with another pastry. Press it on gently. Dust the surface of the top pastry disk with confectioners’ sugar. Pass the remaining whipped cream and caramel sauce in bowls. Serving: Serve these as soon as possible after they are assembled. A sweet wine, such as a Sauternes or a French or California late-harvest Riesling would be a wonderful accompaniment to the feuilletes. Storage: Though the desserts cannot be stored, all the elements may be made in advance. If you wish to make the full amount but serve the desserts to fewer people, the leftover caramel sauce will keep well in ajar in the refrigerator—leave it at room temperature for a few hours before you use it. The leftover feuilletés will freeze well wrapped airtight in plastic. Reheat them at 350 degrees for about 5 minutes and let them cool before using them. Hint for Success: As with all plated desserts, have all the elements ready and at hand before you begin to assemble. Serving: Serve these as soon as possible after they are assembled. A sweet wine, such as a Sauternes or a French or California late-harvest Riesling would be a wonderful accompaniment to the feuilletes. Storage: Though the desserts cannot be stored, all the elements may be made in advance. If you wish to make the full amount but serve the desserts to fewer people, the leftover caramel sauce will keep well in ajar in the refrigerator—leave it at room temperature for a few hours before you use it. The leftover feuilletés will freeze well wrapped airtight in plastic. Reheat them at 350 degrees for about 5 minutes and let them cool before using them. Hint for Success: As with all plated desserts, have all the elements ready and at hand before you begin to assemble. VARIATIONS Substitute berries or other fruit, such as peaches or nectarines for the bananas. Use kirsch or framboise as a liqueur with strawberries or raspberries, white rum with peaches or nectarines.