Combine the water and sugar in a small bowl. Sprinkle the yeast over it and set aside for 5 minutes, or until foamy. Stir to dissolve completely. To make the dough by hand: Combine the 3 cups flour and the salt in a large bowl. Gradually stir in the yeast mixture and 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon of the olive oil until a stiff dough has formed. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Adding only enough flour to keep the dough from sticking to the work surface, knead it until smooth and elastic, about 6 minutes. (When you press your finger in the dough, it will immediately spring back.) To make the dough in a food processor: Add the 3 cups flour and the salt to the work bowl. With the motor running, pour in the yeast mixture and 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon of the olive oil. Process until the dough is uniform: It will either have the texture of coarse meal or will gather into one or two balls near the blade. Remove the dough and form into a ball, if necessary. (If bits of dough remaining in the processor cause the blade to stick, making it difficult to remove when cleaning the processor, pour some hot water into the work bowl and run the processor for a few minutes.) To make the dough in an electric mixer: Add the 3 cups flour and the salt to the mixer bowl. Using the balloon whisk or paddle attachment on medium speed, drizzle in the yeast mixture and 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon of the olive oil, mixing until the dough begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl. Change to the dough hook. Knead at medium speed, adding more flour as necessary to make a smooth dough, until the dough is very elastic, about 5 to 6 minutes. Turn the dough out onto a well-floured work surface and continue kneading a minute or two longer, until it is soft and velvety and does not stick at all to the work surface. (When you press your finger in the dough, it will spring back immediately.) Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl. Using a slightly dampened brush, brush the top of the dough lightly with oil. Cover with a damp tea towel and set aside in a warm place until doubled in bulk, 1 to 2 hours. Punch down the dough. You can use it now or let it rise a second time, which will give it a finer texture and flavor: Cover the dough again with a damp tea towel and set in a warm place to rise for 40 minutes longer. Punch the dough down again. The dough can be covered and refrigerated for up to 4 days (just punch it down if it rises too high) or frozen, well wrapped, for up to 2 months. To freeze rolled-out dough for pizza and focaccia, see Notes below. Variation: Sponge Dough. Pizza dough made with a sponge–allowing a short preliminary fermentation of the yeast with some flour and water–has a chewier texture and more fully developed flavor than regular dough. Mix the yeast with ½ cup of the water, the sugar, and ¼ cup of the flour, cover, and set aside for 1 hour, or until the sponge is thick and foamy and has increased in volume. Then proceed as directed, mixing the sponge, the remaining ½ cup water, and the oil into the remaining 2¾ cups flour and salt.