Melt the butter in a large wide saucepan or deep skillet. Add the onion; cook, stirring, over low heat until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until it is coated with butter and looks tweedy, about 3 minutes. Add the broth, cinnamon stick, if using, and salt to taste; heat to a boil. Stir once. Cooking method #1: Reduce the heat; simmer, uncovered, until almost all of the water is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Cover and cook over very low heat for 15 minutes. Do not uncover. Let stand off the heat covered for 15 minutes before serving. 3. Cooking method #2: Cover and cook over low heat until all of the water is absorbed and small holes appear all over the surface of the rice, about 15 minutes. This indicates that all the water has been absorbed, Do not stir the rice. Let stand, covered, off the heat for 10 minutes before serving. Variations Variations Sauté ¼ cup diced carrot or parsnip with the onion. Substitute ½ cup chopped leeks or ¼ cup chopped shallots or white part of scallions for the onion. Add with the rice: ½ cup dark or golden raisins or dried currants, ½ cup diced dried apricots, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 whole cloves, 2 whole cardamom pods and/or 2 whole allspice berries, 1 slice (about ¼ inch thick) fresh ginger, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 to 2 teaspoons curry powder, ½ to 1 teaspoon ground cumin, ¼ teaspoon crushed saffron threads (can be heated first in part of the liquid), and ½ to 1 cup green beans, chickpeas, cannellini beans or other white beans, diced peeled sweet potato or winter squash, or thawed frozen lima beans. Use as part of the liquid: ½ to 1 cup chopped fresh or canned tomatoes, vegetable broth, or beef broth. Add during the last 5 minutes: ½ to 1 cup thawed frozen (or fresh) peas and/or corn, diced zucchini, or diced yellow summer squash. Top cooked pilaf with: toasted sliced or chopped natural (skin-on) almonds; chopped walnuts, pecans, pistachios, toasted and peeled hazelnuts, dry-roasted peanuts, or cashews: sunflower seeds; chopped fresh herbs (dill, mint, parsley, cilantro, or basil); or fresh lemon juice.