Handle the beef partially frozen so that it is easier to cut (if it’s fresh, place in the freezer for about 30 minutes). Cut the beef along the grain into 1½ -inch-thick strips. Then, with your knife at an angle almost parallel to the cutting surface, slice the meat diagonally across the grain into 1/8-inch-thick slices. In a medium bowl, toss the beef with the rice wine, oyster sauce, sugar, and 1 tablespoon soy sauce. Cover the bowl and let the meat marinate in the refrigerator for 10 minutes, or up to 12 hours. Preheat a large wok or skillet over high heat for 1 minute. Swirl in 1 tablespoon of the oil and heat until it becomes runny and starts to shimmer. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 15 to 30 seconds; discard the garlic (you just want to flavor the oil). Add the salted black beans and onion and stir for 1 minute. Add the bell pepper and celery and stir-fry until crisp-tender, 2 minutes. Set aside in a bowl. In the same wok, swirl in the remaining oil and heat over high heat. Divide the marinated meat into 4 batches. Stir-fry one batch for about 2 minutes (don’t worry if the meat is still a little pink), and set aside on a plate. Repeat with the remaining batches of meat. Handle the beef partially frozen so that it is easier to cut (if it’s fresh, place in the freezer for about 30 minutes). Cut the beef along the grain into 1½ -inch-thick strips. Then, with your knife at an angle almost parallel to the cutting surface, slice the meat diagonally across the grain into 1/8-inch-thick slices. In a medium bowl, toss the beef with the rice wine, oyster sauce, sugar, and 1 tablespoon soy sauce. Cover the bowl and let the meat marinate in the refrigerator for 10 minutes, or up to 12 hours. Preheat a large wok or skillet over high heat for 1 minute. Swirl in 1 tablespoon of the oil and heat until it becomes runny and starts to shimmer. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 15 to 30 seconds; discard the garlic (you just want to flavor the oil). Add the salted black beans and onion and stir for 1 minute. Add the bell pepper and celery and stir-fry until crisp-tender, 2 minutes. Set aside in a bowl. In the same wok, swirl in the remaining oil and heat over high heat. Divide the marinated meat into 4 batches. Stir-fry one batch for about 2 minutes (don’t worry if the meat is still a little pink), and set aside on a plate. Repeat with the remaining batches of meat. Return the cooked vegetables to the wok over high heat. Add the cooked meat and stir everything swiftly around the wok until heated through, about 1 minute. Stir the cornstarch slurry and add to the wok. Toss to coat the meat and vegetables evenly. Cook until the mixture thickens and the meat and vegetables look glossy, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and 1 teaspoon soy sauce. Continue tossing until heated through, about another minute. Taste and adjust seasonings if desired. Serve immediately with freshly steamed rice.