Make the “wash”: Combine the lemon juice and salt in a deep nonreactive bowl or in a large resealable plastic bag and stir to mix. Remove the packet of giblets from the body cavity of the chicken and set aside for another use. Remove and discard the fat just inside the body and neck cavities. Rinse the chicken, inside and out, under cold running water and then drain and blot dry, inside and out, with paper towels. Remove the chicken skin if desired, pulling it off the meat and cutting it off at the joints as needed. Using a sharp knife, make two deep slashes in each leg (one in each drumstick and one in each thigh) and two in each breast. This helps the absorption of the marinade. Place the chicken on its side in the bowl with the lemon juice. Let marinate in the “wash” in the refrigerator, covered, for 15 minutes, turning twice. Make sure each breast side and the back have each marinated for 5 minutes. Prepare the marinade: Place the garlic, ginger, and salt in the bottom of a large mixing bowl and mash to a paste with the back of a spoon. Add the yogurt, oil, Chinese mustard, if using, lemon juice, cumin, mace, nutmeg, cardamom, turmeric, cayenne pepper, black pepper, and food coloring, if using, and whisk to mix. Spoon the mixture over the “washed” chicken. Cover the bowl or reseal the bag and let the chicken continue marinating in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours, preferably overnight, turning the bird several times so it marinates evenly. If the beer is canned: Pop the tab off the can and pour out half of the beer (¾ cup) and reserve it for another use. Using a church key-style can opener, make 2 additional holes in the top of the can. If the beer is bottled: Fill an empty can halfway or fill a vertical chicken roaster, following the manufacturer’s instuctions. Set aside the half-filled can of beer or filled chicken roaster. Remove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade. If cooking on a can: Hold the bird upright, with the opening of the body cavity at the bottom, and lower it onto the beer can so the can fits into the cavity. Pull the chicken legs forward to form a sort of tripod, so the bird stands upright. The rear leg of the tripod is the beer can. If cooking on a roaster: Position the chicken on top, following the manufacturer’s instructions. Tuck the tips of the wings behind the chicken’s back. . Set up the grill for indirect grilling and preheat to medium-high. If using a charcoal grill, place a large drip pan in the center. . When ready to cook, stand the chicken up in the center of the hot grate, over the drip pan and away from the heat. Cover the grill and cook the chicken until nicely browned on the outside and the meat is cooked through (about 180°F on an instant-read meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part of a thigh, but not touching the bone), 1 to 1¼ hours for skinless chicken, 1¼ to 1½ hours for a bird with skin (see Notes for tests for doneness). If using a charcoal grill, you’ll need to add 12 fresh coals per side after 1 hour. If the chicken skin starts to brown too much, loosely tent the bird with aluminum foil. . If cooking on a can: Using tongs, hold the bird by the can and carefully transfer it in an upright position to a platter. If cooking on a roaster: Use oven mitts or pot holders to remove the bird from the grill while it’s still on the vertical roaster. . Present the bird to your guests. Let the chicken rest for 5 minutes, then carefully lift it off the support. Take care not to spill the hot beer or otherwise burn yourself. Halve, quarter, or carve the chicken. Place the sliced onion and chopped cilantro each in a small serving bowl. Serve the chicken with lemon wedges for squeezing and the onion and cilantro for sprinkling over the meat.