Peel the beets. Cut them into julienne strips by first thinly slicing them, then cutting into strips about ¼ inch wide. Set aside. Place a heavy pot with a tight-fitting lid over medium-high heat. Add the oil, and when it is hot, add 4 of the curry leaves, the minced chiles, and shallots. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the beets and stir, then add the vinegar, salt, and sugar and stir and turn to mix well. Raise the heat to high and stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes. The beets will give off a little liquid as they cook. Mix half the coconut milk with the water, then add to the pot and bring to a vigorous boil. Stir well, cover tightly, reduce the heat, and cook at a strong simmer until the beets are just tender, about 20 minutes or so. Check the water level after 10 minutes of cooking and add a little more if it is almost dry. Add the remaining ¼ cup coconut milk and remaining curry leaves. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for another 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and taste for seasoning. Sprinkle on coarse salt, if you wish. Transfer to a serving dish, and serve hot or at room temperature. Variations: Carrots with Tropical Flavors: The same method and flavorings can be used to cook carrots. Peel the carrots and cut them into julienne. Follow the instructions above, but decrease the vinegar to 2 teaspoons and the sugar to ¼ teaspoon. Top the cooked carrots with chopped coriander leaves. Precooked Beets with Tropical Flavors: You can make a quick (10- to 15-minute) version of this dish using 2½ to 3 cups chopped, already cooked and peeled beets, now available in many grocery stores. (Canned beets are not a substitute.) Chop the beets into bite-size cubes. All the other ingredients remain the same, except that the coconut milk should be reduced to ¼ cup. Follow the instructions above, but add all the curry leaves with the chiles. Stir-fry the beets for only a minute, and after you add the liquid, simmer the beets for only 5 to 10 minutes, partly covered. Transfer to a shallow bowl, taste for seasoning, and adjust, if you wish. Let cool to room temperature before serving.