Preheat the oven to 350°F. While the oven is heating, trim the bones from the black cod fillet, reserving them along with any fish scraps. Cut the fillet into 4 equal portions and set aside. Spread the almonds on a sheet pan and roast for 10 minutes, or until lightly browned. Allow the almonds to cool, then roughly chop. Set aside. Trim the ends from the squash, halve it lengthwise, and remove and discard the seeds. Cut each half crosswise to make 4 equal portions and set aside. Cut the white part of the leek into four 1-inch rounds and a 2-inch section of the light green part into fine julienne. Set aside. In a medium saucepan, combine the black cod scraps and bones, half of the chopped almonds (reserve the other half for garnish), squash, white leek pieces, water, clam juice, milk, and soy sauce. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat to a very bare simmer and cook gently until the squash is tender, about 20 minutes. (The stock may appear to separate a bit; don’t worry about that.) Remove the squash and leeks from the liquid, carefully wipe them, and transfer them to a small pan. Cover and keep warm in the oven. Strain the liquid through a fine mesh strainer, return it to the saucepan, and cook over medium-high heat until it reduces by a quarter, about 10 minutes. Add the rice wine vinegar and season to taste with salt and pepper. Keep warm. Heat a small-circumference pot over high heat. Add 1 cup of the vegetable oil, making sure the oil fills a third or less of the pot (to prevent it from bubbling over). When the oil measures 350°F on a deep-fat thermometer (or a tester piece of leek immediately bubbles and floats to the surface), add the julienned leek pieces and fry until they are barely light brown, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Remove the leeks with a slotted spoon and drain on a paper towel. Season to taste with salt and set aside. Heat a large sauté pan over high heat. Season the black cod pieces with salt and pepper. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, and when the pan is very hot, carefully add the fillets skin side down. Lower the heat just slightly. Cook, undisturbed, until the skin crisps, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip the pieces and cook for just a few minutes longer, for a total cooking time of 9 minutes per inch of fish (measured at its thickest point). Set the fish aside and keep it warm. Add the butter to the pan and scrape up any remaining bits. When the bubbles of the butter diminish, add the reserved almonds and cook until they brown, along with the butter, 3 to 4 minutes. To serve, place a piece of fish, skin side up, in each of 4 wide bowls. Ladle some broth around the fish. Place a piece of squash and a piece of leek in each bowl. Drizzle some almond brown butter around the fish. Top with fried leeks and serve.