For the pastry dough, combine the dry ingredients in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Pulse several times to mix. Add the butter and pulse 4 or 5 times, or until the butter is in pea-sized pieces. Add the cream and pulse 2 or 3 times, but do not allow the dough to form a ball. Invert the dough to a floured work surface and carefully remove the blade. Gently squeeze and press the dough together and form it into an oval. Chill the dough in plastic wrap while preparing the filling. For the filling, in a large bowl toss the apple slices with the lemon juice. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate while preparing the rest of the filling. Put half the blackberries and the apple peels and cores in a large saucepan. Stir to combine and add the water. Cook over medium heat until the mixture becomes very juicy and liquid. Continue cooking until the juices are slightly reduced. Strain the mixture to eliminate the peels and seeds and measure it. You should have about 2/3 cup liquid. If you have too much, boil down the mixture. Stir the sugar into the strained juices and set aside. Set a rack in the middle level of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees. Make a layer of about a third of the apple slices in the gratin dish and sprinkle about half of the blackberries over them. Repeat with another third of the apples and the remaining blackberries. Top with a layer of the remaining apples. Pour the cooked, sweetened blackberry juice evenly over the fruit. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and place it on a floured work surface. Flour the dough and press it with the rolling pin in gentle parallel strokes to soften it slightly. Roll the dough to the size of the dish you are using. Slide a cookie sheet or a 12-inch tart pan bottom under the dough and transfer it to the dish, sliding it onto the filling. Brush the egg wash on the dough and sprinkle it with sugar. Cut several 2-inch vent holes in the top crust with the point of a knife. Bake the pie until the pastry is baked through and the apples are tender, about 40 minutes. Push the point of a knife through one of the vent holes to see if the apples have softened. When they are fully cooked they should offer no resistance to the knife.