Line a 9-inch pie pan with crust and then bake the crust as directed in the recipe. To prepare the filling: In a small bowl, combine the gelatin and ¼ cup cold water. Stir well to dissolve the powder, and set aside. Scald the milk by warming it up in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, until small bubbles form around the edge of the pan, and steam rises off the milk; do not let it boil. Set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together the sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Add the egg yolks and stir to combine everything well. While stirring, carefully pour in about ¼ cup of the hot milk, and keep stirring to warm the yolks without cooking them into scrambled eggs. Add another ¼ cup of milk, stir well, and then stir the warmed egg yolk mixture into the saucepan of scalded milk. Place the pan over medium heat and cook, stirring almost constantly, until the mixture thickens, releases steam, and is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 5 to 10 minutes. Avoid letting the filling come to a boil, and stir well to keep it from sticking to the bottom of the pan. Remove from the heat, and stir the gelatin mixture into the filling, stirring well to dissolve it. Set aside. To prepare the chocolate layer: Melt the chocolate in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, or in a medium heatproof bowl in a microwave. Scoop out half the warm filling mixture, and add it to the pan of melted chocolate, along with the vanilla. (Set the remaining custard aside for the second layer.) Stir the chocolate and custard together, mixing them evenly and well. Pour this mixture into the piecrust and spread it out into an even layer. Refrigerate the piecrust while you prepare the second layer of filling. To prepare the custard layer: In a medium bowl, combine the egg whites and cream of tartar, and beat on medium speed until they are foamy and frothy, about 1 minute. Increase the, speed to high, and when they turn white and begin to swell up, add the sugar gradually, beating all the while, until the egg whites are thick, white, shiny, and will hold firm peaks. Scoop the beaten egg whites into the remaining filling, and add the flavoring as well. Gently fold the egg whites into the custard, mixing evenly and well. Pour the custard over the chocolate filling in the crust, spreading and smoothing it to cover the chocolate completely and evenly. Cover the surface with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming and refrigerate the pie for 3 hours and as long as 1 day. Shortly before serving, make the topping: Beat the cream in a medium bowl on high speed until it holds soft peaks. Add the sugar and continue beating JUST until it holds firm peaks. Quickly spread the whipped cream on the pie and use the back of a spoon to form pretty swirls. Sprinkle the grated chocolate on top if you like, and serve cold.