Trim the skin and all but a thin layer of fat from the lamb. With the point of a knife, make 8-10 incisions in the meaty part of the lamb and insert some of the garlic and a few crushed juniper berries in each. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for 24 hours so the flavors permeate the meat. Reserve the remaining garlic and juniper berries. Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F/Gas 4. Unwrap the lamb and season it with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a roasting pan or large casserole, then brown the lamb on all sides over medium heat until well browned, 7-10 minutes. Take it out, add the onions and brown them also, taking 5-7 minutes and stirring often so they don't scorch. Replace the lamb in the pan, and add the gin, stock and reserved garlic and juniper berries. Tie the thyme and bay leaves in two or three bundles and add to the casserole. Bring to the boil and cover tightly with a lid or foil. Braise the lamb in the oven until the meat is very tender when pierced with a fork, turning it once or twice. This will take 2-2 1/2 hours, or up to an hour longer if you like the meat almost falling off the bone. The meat should always be half-covered in liquid, so add more stock during cooking if needed. Meanwhile, wipe the fresh mushrooms, trimming the stems; wash them only if they are dirty. Slice them, or cut them into medium chunks. If using dried mushrooms, cover them with warm water and leave them to soak. Half an hour before the lamb is done, stir the mushrooms and bell peppers into the cooking juices. If using dried mushrooms, lift out them of the water with a draining spoon, leaving any grit behind; add them to the pan. When done, transfer the lamb to a serving dish. Remove the mushrooms, pepper and onions with a draining spoon and pile around the lamb; cover and keep warm. Strain the cooking juices into a pan and skim any fat from the surface. Bring this gravy to the boil and, if thin, boil until reduced. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Spoon a little gravy over the meat and scatter parsley over the vegetables. Serve the remaining gravy separately.