Oven Temperature: 425°F Preheat the oven. Preheat the oven to 425°F 30 minutes before baking. Set a rack on the second rung from the bottom. Mix the batter. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, and sugar. Using a whisk, slowly stir in the milk. Continuing with the whisk or using a hand-held electric or rotary beater, add the eggs one at a time, beating for about 1 minute after each addition, then beating until the batter is smooth. Beat in 2 tablespoons of the melted butter. (Small lumps of butter will remain visible.) Transfer the batter to a pitcher. If not using immediately, cover and refrigerate for up to 24 hours; beat lightly before pouring the batter into the pans. Prepare the pan. Place 1 teaspoon of butter in each of the 6 popover cups. Or, if using the muffin pan, use ½ teaspoon in each cup, use a small pastry feather or brush to coat the entire interior of the pan with a little of this melted butter. Three to 5 minutes before baking, place the popover or muffin pan in the oven to heat until the butter is very hot and beginning to brown (don’t allow it to burn). Place a large sheet of aluminum foil on the rack under the tin to catch any bubbling fat. Fill the pan and bake the popovers. Remove the pan from the oven and pour the batter on the hot butter, filling the cups half-full. Bake for 15 minutes. Lower the heat to 350°F and continue baking for 40 to 45 minutes for the large popovers, 20 to 25 minutes for the muffin-sized ones. They will pop well above the sides of the popover or muffin cups, rising to about three times their original height. Ten minutes before the end of the baking time, release the steam. Open the oven door and quickly make a small slit in the side of each raised popover to release the steam and allow the centers to dry out more. Cool the popovers slightly. With pot holders, gently lift out the popovers one at a time, holding each one from the top, and set them on a wire rack to cool slightly. If you are not ready to serve them, they can be cooled to room temperature, then reheated later on a baking sheet in a 350°F oven, for 5 minutes. The crisp outer shell will keep them from collapsing. Variation: Yorkshire Popovers Substitute an equal amount of rendered beef fat for the butter.