Make the caramelized apples: Stir together 2/3 cup water and the sugar in a large, heavy, light-colored frying or sauté pan no smaller than 10 inches. After this point, do not stir: just swirl the pan gently to keep the caramel cooking evenly. If you notice undissolved sugar on the sides of the pan, brush them down with water to prevent crystallization. Cook over medium-high heat, swirling occasionally. As the caramel begins to darken, swirl more frequently to even out the color. Cook until the sugar is a dark amber color, 15 to 20 minutes, depending on the size and weight of the pan. If the sugar is cooking too quickly, reduce the heat to medium. As soon as the caramel is ready, add the butter, immediately followed by the apples. The caramel will sputter a bit when the apples are added, so do so carefully. Toss well to combine. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean half into the apple mixture and add the pod. Stir well to combine. Continue cooking over medium-high heat until the apples begin to turn transparent around the edges, about 15 minutes. After the initial stir, it is important that you gently toss the apples, rather than stir, so the apples do not fall apart. When the apples are done, turn off the heat. Add the vanilla extract, if using, and toss a few times. Immediately transfer the apples to a nonstick baking sheet. Using a wooden spoon, gently spread them into a single layer and let cool. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough, working from the center out, into roughly a 14 × 16-inch rectangle. The dough should be no more than ¼ inch thick. Every few rolls, release the dough by running an offset spatula underneath, and sprinkle more flour under it. Drape the dough over a rolling pin and transfer to the baking sheet. Arrange the apples in the center of the dough leaving a 1½-inch border. (If the, caramel has hardened you can loosen it by placing the baking sheet in the oven for a few minutes.) Gently fold the edge of the crush up and over the apples, tearing off any excess dough if it’s covering too much of the filling. There should be approximately a 2-inch edge of dough on all sides, with the center open. Refrigerate or freeze until firm. While the tart is chilling, preheat the oven 375° and position a rack in the middle of the oven. Whisk together the egg yolk and cream, and brush lightly on the edge of the tart. Bake the tart, rotating the pan halfway through, until the crust is golden and the apples are bubbling, about 35 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature with Homemade Crème Fraîche.