Place an oven rack in position B (second position from the bottom) and remove any other racks from higher positions. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Peel back the wrapper on the butter and, holding it like a really big lipstick, thoroughly grease the interior of the soufflé dish—be especially careful to get into the corners. Reserve the remaining butter. Add the Parmesan and cover the dish tightly with plastic wrap. Shake to coat the entire interior of the dish with cheese, reserving any excess. Place the dish in the refrigerator. In a small saucepan, heat the remaining butter. Allow all of the water to cook out. Add the flour to the butter and whisk to combine. Reduce the heat to low and continue to cook for 2 minutes. Combine the heated milk, dry mustard, garlic powder, and salt in a tightly covered container and shake well to mix. Whisk the milk mixture into the roux and return the heat to high. As soon as the mixture comes to a boil, remove the pan from the heat. In another bowl, beat the egg yolks until light in color and slightly thickened. Temper the yolks into the milk mixture (see Notes), constantly whisking while doing so. Remove the pan from the heat and add the cheese. Whisk until incorporated. In one more bowl, beat the egg whites, water, and cream of tartar via the Egg Foam Method, to create glossy and firm peaks. The Egg Foam Method: Separate fresh eggs while cold, placing the whites in a clean metal bowl. Using a clean balloon whisk (manned by a very stout arm) or an electric hand mixer (use a stand mixer if you must) beat the egg whiles on low speed until they are foamy. Add your acid, such as cream of tartar. Increase the mixer speed to high (at least 75 percent power) and move the beaters around the bowl, alternating directions. Ad ¼ of the egg foam mixture to the base. Continue to add the foam by thirds, folding very gently. Pour the mixture into the soufflé dish to ½ inch from the top. Place the soufflé dish in the oven on a disposable pie tin and bake for about 35 minutes, or until the soufflé has risen and is browned on top. Serve immediately.