Place the chicken in a large pot, add the wine and enough water to cover it. Add the carrot, onion, peppercorns, allspice, and bay leaves and bring them to a gentle boil over high heat. Turn the heat down to medium-low so that the pot just simmers; the chicken will be tough if the water boils too hard. Cover partially with a lid and poach for about 30 minutes. The leg should pull off the chicken easily when you tug at it with a pair of tongs, Remove the chicken and place it on a baking sheet to cool. Continue cooking the liquid on low heat, simmering, until it reduces by half, 30 to 40 more minutes. Strain the liquid through a fine sieve into a small, deep bowl. Fill a medium mixing bowl with ice and add some cold water to create an ice bath. Set the bowl of broth in the bowl of ice and drop 2 ice cubes into the broth. This will help the fat rise to the top quicker and the liquid to cool so that it can be skimmed, After the broth is cool, skim the fat off using a ladle or spoon in a circular motion. Discard the fat, When the chicken is cool enough to handle, discard the chicken skin and pull the meat off of the bones, using your fingers. Discard the bones. Shred the meat so that it forms thin strands, like broken fettuccine. You can do this with your hands or pull the meat toward you in little pieces with a fork. The last alternative is to chop the meat coarsely with a knife, which is the quickest technique but doesn’t allow for an extremely creamy rillete texture. Place the shredded chicken in a medium mixing bowl and set aside. Soak the bread in a little more than ½ cup of the chicken broth for a few minutes, until soft. Stir the bread to coat it with the broth and allow it to soak evenly. Using a food processor fitted with a metal blade, purée the walnuts with the garlic until they are ground to a paste. . Squeeze the bread dry with your hands and add it to the walnut paste in the food processor. Purée until the paste becomes homogeneous and creamy, stopping once to scrape the bowl. You will have a thick paste that forms ball. . Scrape the mixture into a medium mixing bowl and whisk in about 1½ cups of the broth mixture to make a mayonnaise consistency. . Whisk in the walnut oil and season with salt and pepper. . Stir in the shredded chicken, sour cream, scallions. Aleppo chilies, and paprika. Add more broth to make the pate creamier or more Aleppo chilies to make it spicier. . I like to serve this paté in a crock or Luminarc jar-the French glass jar that has a flip-top lid with a rubber gasket-with a wooden spreader. Serve with crackers and condiments.