In a large saucepan, heat the schmaltz over medium-high heat. Add the onion and an aggressive four-finger pinch of salt. Stir to coat with the fat, cooking for a minute or two. Add the carrots and celery and continue to cook for 5 to 10 minutes (don’t burn them; reduce the heat to medium if necessary). Add the chicken. If using raw chicken, stir and cook till the chicken has lost all its color, about 5 minutes; if using cooked chicken, just stir briefly to heat it through. Add the flour, stir to coat everything, and cook for a few more minutes. Give the meat and vegetables several grinds of pepper. Add the stock and stir continuously. Scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spatula, until the stock thickens (turn the heat to high until it does, if you wish). When it begins to simmer, turn the heat down and let it cook for another 10 minutes. Make the gnocchi: Combine the stock, schmaltz, and salt in a medium saucepan over high heat. When the liquid reaches a simmer, lower the heat to medium, and add the flour.Stir continuously until all the water has been absorbed and a uniform paste has formed. Continue to cook, stirring, for another minute or two. Set the pot aside to cool for 5 minutes, or hold the bottom fo the pan under cold running water to cool it enough that the eggs don't cook when you add them. Crack an egg into the pan and quickly stir it to combine (it will be slick at first, but the paste will soon embrace the egg). Repeat with the remaining eggs (4 is standard, but 5 will make it richer). Stir in herbs. Invert a large zipper-top plastic bag over your hand and use it to gather up all the pate a coux, then re-invert the bag with the choux inside. Snip ½ inch/1.25 centimeters off one corner of the gnocchi bag and pipe the dough into the pot, cutting the dumplings off in 1½-inch/4-centimeter lengths. Cook until the dumplings are done, about 5 minutes. Stir in the vinegar or lemon juice and taste the liquid. If it needs more salt or pepper, add it. If it needs more acidity, add more vinegar or lemon juice. Serve, garnishing with fresh herbs if you have them.