For the Base: Heat the oil in a large soup pot or Dutch oven. Add the onions, scallions, and garlic and saute over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until soft and translucent, about 10 minutes. Stir in the jalapenos and cook 5 minutes more. Put the cumin, chili powder, coriander, paprika, and red pepper flakes in a dry skillet and toast them over medium-high heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon and being careful not to burn them, 2 to 3 minutes. Let cool, then add it to the onions and cook 5 minutes more. Add the tomatoes and their juices, beer, broth, and salt and pepper to taste and bring to a boil, then turn down the heat and simmer over medium heat for about 30 minutes. (The base may be prepared up to this point and will keep in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or in the freezer for up to 1 month. If stored, bring to room temperature before final cooking.) For the Turkey and Bean Chili: About ½ hour before serving, bring the chili base to a low simmer. Saute the turkey in a skillet over medium-high heat. Crumble the meat and cook just until it is no longer pink. Drain the fat and add the meat to the chili base and mix well. Add the beans to the chili and season to taste with salt and pepper. If the mixture seems too thick, thin with water or more beer. Simmer the chili over low heat for 30 minutes. Serve warm with accompaniments. For the Vegetarian Chili: About ½ hour before serving, bring the chili base to a low simmer. Add the beans to the chili and season to taste with salt and pepper. If the mixture seems too thick, thin with water or more beer. Simmer the chili over low heat for 30 minutes. Serve warm with accompaniments. For the Beef and Bean Chili: About ½ hour before serving, bring the chili base to a low simmer. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the beef and saute over medium-high heat. Crumble the meat and cook just until it is no longer pink. Drain the fat. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add to the chili base and mix well. Add the beans to the chili and season to taste with the cinnamon and the salt and pepper. If the mixture seems too thick, thin with water or more beer. Simmer the chili over low heat for 30 minutes. Serve warm with accompaniments.