Combine 1 1/2 cups (356mL or 438g) of the milk and the cream in a medium, heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally so the milk does not scorch on the bottom of the pan. Meanwhile, whisk the remaining 1/2 cup (119mL or 121g) of milk into the cornstarch to make a smooth slurry. Place the eggs into a medium, deep heatproof bowl. Whisk in the sugar until well combined. Slowly pour in the slurry and whisk until smooth. Gradually whisk in the hot milk mixture, stirring until well combined. Pour everything back into the saucepan and cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture starts to thicken and just begins to boil. Whisk at a boil for 2 more minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and add both of the chocolates and the butter. Whisk until everything is melted and well incorporated. Whisk in the vanilla paste and salt. Pour the pastry cream through a fine-mesh strainer into a heatproof bowl. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the pastry cream and gently smooth with your fingers. This will prevent a skin from forming on the top of the pastry cream. Chill the pastry cream in the refrigerator until it is firm, about 2 hours. You can speed up this process by placing the bowl of pastry cream over an ice-water bath. Brush the inside of the empty pie shell with melted bittersweet chocolate. Place in the refrigerator until the chocolate cools and sets, about 5 minutes. Remove the pastry cream from the refrigerator and whisk vigorously until smooth and light. Scoop the pastry cream into the prepared pie shell, smoothing the top with a spoon or offset spatula. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the pie and chill in the refrigerator until firm, about 1 hour. . Remove the plastic wrap and top the pie with the Lightly Sweetened Whipped Cream, making sure the pastry cream is completely covered or it will dry out. . Garnish with chocolate curls or shavings. The pastry cream can be made up to 1 day in advance. The finished pie can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. Do not store at room temperature. ?