Make the cupcakes. Position a rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325°F. Cut twelve 6-inch squares of aluminum foil and press them into 12 regular or mini-muffin tin cups, letting the edges of the foil overhang the edges. Place a cone in each cup, wrapping the foil around the cone to hold it sturdily in the muffin cup. If you jiggle the pan slightly, the cones should not fall over. Put the butter and unsweetened chocolate in a heatproof bowl or the top of a double boiler and place it over, but not touching, a saucepan of barely simmering water (or the bottom of the double boiler). Stir until the butter and chocolate are melted and smooth. Remove from the water and set aside to cool slightly. In a small bowl, stir the flour, baking powder, and salt together; set aside. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the eggs and sugar until thickened and lightened in color, about 1 minute. Stop the mixer and scrape the sides of the bowl as needed during mixing. Mix in the vanilla. On low speed, mix in the chocolate mixture. Mix in the flour mixture until it is incorporated and the batter looks smooth. Mix in the chocolate chips. Using a small spoon, fill each ice cream cone with about ¼ cup batter, to just below the top of the cone. Carefully put the cupcakes in the oven, making sure that the cones are still standing upright. Bake just until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with moist crumbs, but not wet batter, clinging to it, about 28 minutes. (If the toothpick penetrates chocolate chips, test another spot.) Let the cupcakes cool in the pan for about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, make the chocolate coating. Put the chocolate and oil in a heatproof bowl or the top of a double boiler and place it over, but not touching, a saucepan of barely simmering water (or the bottom of the double boiler). Stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Scrape the chocolate coating into a small bowl. Dip the top of each cupcake cone in the chocolate coating, letting any excess drip off, and replace the cones in the muffin tin. (You will have some chocolate coating left over for another use or to pour over ice cream; working with a larger quantity of chocolate coating makes for easier dipping.) Let the coating firm for about 10 minutes, then sprinkle it lightly with sprinkles. Let the cupcakes sit until the coating is firm, about 2 hours, or less if the kitchen is cool. Or, to speed the firming of the chocolate, carefully refrigerate the cupcakes in the pan for about 15 minutes; serve at room temperature. The cupcake cones can be eaten out of hand or set in small glasses or serving dishes and served as “sit-down” cupcakes. The cupcakes can be covered and stored at room temperature for up to 3 days.