Line the bottom of a 15 × 10-inch baking sheet with waxed paper, leaving a 2-inch overhang at each end. Line a second tray with waxed paper and place both trays next to your work surface. To temper the chocolate, melt the semisweet chocolate with the shortening either in the top of a double boiler over barely simmering water or in a bowl that sits in a pan of very hot (but not simmering) water over low heat. Stir the chocolate constantly as it melts, being very careful not allow any water to enter the bowl, which will cause it to quickly stiffen, a process called seizing. Also, don’t let the chocolate overheat. (If using an instant-read thermometer, remove the bowl of chocolate when it reaches between 115° and 118°F) When just about smooth (one or two small pieces of chocolate may remain visible), immediately remove the chocolate from the stove and briskly stir in the milk chocolate. Stir constantly and briskly until perfectly smooth. Check the temperature; the chocolate should be cooled to between 88° and 90°F. in order to be in proper “temper” after setting. Stir the cereal into the melted chocolate as soon as it’s tempered. When well combined, use a large rubber spatula to transfer it to the prepared baking sheet. Use a long metal icing spatula to spread the chocolate mixture evenly within the pan, then lift the pan and rap it once or twice on the counter, removing any air bubbles. Place the sheet in the freezer, uncovered, for no longer than 5 minutes. Remove the sheet and, using sturdy cookie cutters (rounds, squares, hearts, etc.) in one or a variety of sizes, cut the chocolate into shapes. (If the chocolate is very firm, place a quilted pot holder or a folded kitchen towel on the top of the cutter to protect your hand when pressing down.) Gently push the cut chocolates out of the cutter and onto the second paper-lined tray. If desired, wrap the chocolate crisps individually in colored foil wrappers, or just lay them unwrapped in a tin, sepal-rated by sheets of waxed paper. Since these candies are tempered, they can be stored at a comfortable room temperature.