Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper, and cut 2 more sheets of parchment the same size. Set aside. In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed until fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing until combined. Add the vanilla. In a small bowl, sift the cocoa powder and flour together. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour mixture until combined. You may want to finish mixing by hand with a rubber spatula, scraping down the sides of the bowl. Divide the mixture in half, and place each half on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Lay the other sheets of parchment on top. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough to a 1/8-inch thickness. Chill the dough on the baking sheets in the refrigerator for 30 minutes, or until firm. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350°F. Working with I sheet of dough at a time, use a small drinking glass or a 2-inch round cutter to cut out the cookies. (Sometimes I use heart-shaped cutters for engagement parties-or just for kicks!) Peel away the excess cookie dough, reshape it into a disk, and repeat the steps for rolling and cutting. (Be sure to make an even number of cookies.) Space the cookies at least ½ inch apart on the parchment-lined baking sheets, and bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Let the cookies cool for a few minutes on the sheets, and then use a spatula to transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely. While they are cooling, make the cream filling: In a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, or with a hand mixer, combine all the filling ingredients on low speed. Increase the speed as the ingredients begin to incorporate. The filling should be thick and pasty. Scoop up ½ tablespoon of the filling and place it on the bottom of a cooled cookie. Then cover the filling with another cooled cookie, pressing down lightly to form a sandwich. Repeat to fill all the cookies. Store the cookies in an airtight container for up to 2 days, or keep them, well wrapped, in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.