To Make the Pate Sucree: Pulse together the flour, sugar, cocoa, and salt in a food processor. Pulse in the margarine until combined. With the food processor running, add the vanilla and about 2 tablespoons (28 ml) or more of the milk. Once a dough ball sticks together, let it whiz around the processor eight or ten times. Remove, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for an hour or overnight. Preheat the oven to 350째F (180째C, or gas mark 4). Roll out the dough 1/8-inch (3 mm) thick on a lightly floured surface. Cut the dough to fit your tart pans) and place in the pans). If using a larger tart pan, fill with pie weights and blind bake until just dry, 15 to 22 minutes for a 10- or 12-inch (25 or 30 cm) pan. If using smaller pans, pierce the dough bottom with a fork and bake fat 15 to 20 minutes until just dry. Let cool completely at room tempetature. To Make the Candied Orange Slices: Mix the water and sugar in a large shallow pan or a large stockpot. Thinly slice the oranges about 1/8-inch (3 mm) thick and arrange in the sugar-water mixture. Bring to a boil and then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook on low for 30 to 40 minutes or until translucent, gently turning occasionally with a fork. The rind will fade from bright to muted orange. Remove from the syrup. Set the syrup aside. To Make the Orange Curd: Mix the orange juice, zest, sugar, and salt in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil and let boil for about 1 minute. In a small bowl, whisk together the cornstarch and coconut milk. Whisk the slurry into the juice mixture and adjust the heat to medium-low. Continue cooking over a light boil, whisking occasionally, until very thick and pudding-like, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Fill the baked tart shells with the curd. Arrange the candied orange slices on top of the curd. Drizzle with the reserved syrup. Chill for at least 4 hours or overnight before serving. Variation: Substitute lemons or limes for the oranges. If you want something a bit more lowbrow, feel free to make this tart using a nut, cookie, or graham cracker crust, blind baked at 350째F (180째C, or gas mark 4) for 15 minutes.