Sift together the flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt, and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and 1 cup of the sugar on medium speed for about 3 to 5 minutes, or until light and fluffy, stopping as necessary to scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl. Add the eggs one at a time, beating until each is incorporated. Add the vanilla and wine and beat for 1 to 2 minutes, or until fully incorporated. With the mixer running on low speed, slowly add the flour mixture in a steady stream, mixing until fully incorporated. Remove the bowl from the mixer and fold in the chocolate. Form the dough into a block, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350°F. Line a baking sheet with a Silpat or parchment paper. Combine the remaining ½ cup sugar, the coffee, and cinnamon in a small bowl, and set aside. Lightly flour a board or work surface. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and divide in half Shape each piece into a 2 by 12-inch log. Brush excess flour from the logs and board. Sprinkle about two-thirds of the cinnamon sugar onto the board and roll the logs in it, patting the sugar onto the surface. Place the logs 4 inches apart on the prepared pan. Sprinkle with the remaining cinnamon sugar. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the logs are firm to the touch and a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean. Transfer the pan to a cooling rack and allow to cool for 30 minutes. Lower the oven temperature to 300°F and position the racks in the lower and upper third of the oven. Brush any excess sugar from the baking sheet and line a second baking sheet with a Silpat or parchment paper. Using a serrated knife, slice the logs on the diagonal into biscotti that are about 3 inches long and ½ inch thick. Lay the biscotti on the prepared baking sheet. Bake the biscotti for 15 to 20 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through baking. They should be toasted and somewhat dry but will not be as crisp as traditional biscotti. Remove from the pans and cool completely on a cooling rack.