Prepare the dough: In a medium bowl, combine flour, sugar and salt. Set aside. In the mixer bowl, stir together yeast and milk. Let stand until yeast begins to foam, about 5 minutes. Add eggs. Attach the flat beater and mixer bowl to the mixer. Set to stir and mix until combined. Increase to speed 2 and mix in flour mixture, ½ cup (125 ml) at a time, until incorporated. Remove the flat beater and attach the dough hook. Set to speed 2 and add butter, one piece at a time, incorporating each piece before adding the next. Continue kneading until dough is smooth and elastic, about 3 minutes. Place in a separate large bowl and cover with a towel. Let rise in a warm, draft-free place until doubled in bulk, about 1½ hours. Meanwhile, prepare the cinnamon butter: Place brown sugar, flour, cinnamon, salt and butter in clean mixer bowl. Remove the dough hook and attach the flat beater and mixer bowl to the mixer. Set to speed 2 and mix until smooth. Uncover dough and punch down several times to work out air bubbles. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured board and roll out into an 18- by 11-inch (45 by 28 cm) rectangle. Spread evenly with cinnamon butter, leaving a 1-inch (2.5 cm) border, and sprinkle with ground pecans. Starting with a long side, roll dough up jelly-roll style and pinch ends together. Cut into 12 equal pieces and place cut side up in prepared pan. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise for 45 to 60 minutes, or until doubled. Meanwhile, place oven rack in the middle position and preheat oven to 350°F (180°C). Bake until rolls are golden brown and reach an internal temperature of 200°F (100°C), about 35 minutes. Let cool in pan on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Remove from pan and let cool on a wire rack. Meanwhile, prepare the glaze: In a small bowl, whisk together confectioner’s sugar and whipping cream. Add water as needed until a glaze consistency is reached. Place a baking sheet under the wire rack. Drizzle glaze over warm rolls and serve warm or at room temperature.