Oven Temperature: 350°F For Crumb Topping and Filling: Preheat the oven to 350°F 30 minutes before baking. Have an oven shelf at the middle level. Make the crumb mixture. In a food processor fitted with the metal blade, pulse the sugars, nuts, and cinnamon until the nuts are coarsely chopped. Reserve ½ cup for the filling. Add the flour, butter, and vanilla to the remainder and pulse briefly just until the butter is absorbed. Empty it into a bowl and refrigerate for about 20 minutes to firm up, then use your fingertips to form a coarse, crumbly mixture for the topping. Prepare the filling and mix the batter. Just before mixing the batter, peel and core the apple. Cut into ¼-inch-thick slices, and toss with the lemon juice. In a medium bowl, lightly combine the egg, the yolks, about one fourth of the sour cream, and the vanilla. In a mixer bowl, or other large bowl, combine the cake flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Mix on low speed (#2 if using a KitchenAid, with the paddle attachment) for 30 seconds to blend. Add the butter and the remaining sour cream and mix until the dry ingredients are moistened. Increase the speed to medium if using a stand mixer (#4 KitchenAid), or high speed if using a hand-held mixer, and beat for 1 minute to aerate and develop the structure. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Gradually add the egg mixture in two batches, beating for 20 seconds after each addition to incorporate the ingredients and strengthen the structure. Scrape down the sides. Fill the pan. Scrape about two-thirds of the batter into the prepared pan. Smooth the surface. Sprinkle with the reserved ½ cup crumb mixture and top with the apple slices, arranging them in two rows of overlapping slices. Drop the reserved batter in large blobs over the fruit and spread it evenly, preferably with a small offset spatula. (The batter will be ¾ inch from the top of the pan.) Sprinkle with the crumb topping. Bake the bread. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the bread springs back when pressed lightly in the center (an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will read about 200°F). Tent loosely with buttered foil after 45 minutes to prevent overbrowning. Cool the bread. Remove the bread from the oven and set it on a wire rack to cool for 10 minutes. Place a folded kitchen towel on top of a flat plate and cover it with plastic wrap. Oil the plastic wrap. Loosen the sides of the bread with a small metal spatula, and invert it onto the plate. Grease a wire rack and reinvert the bread onto it, so that it is right side up. Cool completely, about 1½ hours, before wrapping airtight.