Begin the mousse: In the bowl of a stand mixer, whisk together the egg yolks and salt on medium speed. In a small bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over ¼ cup of cold water and let this mixture sit while you prepare the caramel. Make the caramel syrup (see "Cooking caramel successfully" in the Notes section, below): Combine the sugar, cream of tartar, cinnamon sticks, and ¼ cup water in a heavy-bottomed saucepan. Cover and bring to a rapid boil over medium-high heat. Once boiling, uncover the pan and cook the sugar until deep golden brown. Turn off the heat and very carefully pour ¼ cup water into the hot caramel. Stand back-the caramel will hiss and bubble and spurt. Add the caramel to the yolks: Once you have added the water, the caramel syrup will come back to a rolling boil from the residual heat. Remove the cinnamon sticks with a fork and discard. When the caramel syrup stops boiling, slowly pour it into the egg yolks with the mixer running on high speed. With a rubber spatula scrape the gelatin into the empty saucepan in which you cooked the caramel and let it melt into a syrupy liquid. Pour the gelatin into the egg yolk mixture and whisk at medium high speed until it triples in volume and cools to room temperature. Finish the mousse: Remove the bowl with the mousse base from the mixer. In a separate bowl, whip the heavy cream until it has soft peaks. Scrape the whipped cream on top of the mousse base. Fold the two together with a spatula or bowl scraper: place your spatula in the center of the bowl, scrape the bottom, and bring the bottom over the top. Rotate the bowl 45 degrees and continue folding until all the whipped cream is incorporated. If you want to serve the mousse in a casual manner, let it chill and gel in a large bowl or plastic container for at least 2 hours before dolloping it out onto individual plates. Alternatively, for a more finished look, pour the mousse into 6 to 8 small serving dishes and let it set in the refrigerator, covered, for at least 2 hours before serving. Serving Suggestions: Serve this mousse with the Thin and Delicate Peanut Brittle or any crunchy thin cookie. You can also serve it in classic mousse style, in a bowl or cup with some whipped cream, shaved bittersweet chocolate (use a peeler and peel the edge of a cold block of good bittersweet chocolate), and a sprinkle of ground cinnamon.