Preheat the oven to 375°F. To make the dough, mix together the warm rice milk, sugar, 2 tablespoons of warm water, and the yeast in a medium bowl. Allow the mixture to “proof” for 5 minutes. After 5 minutes, the top of the liquid should appear somewhat foamy. (If the yeast does not foam, then it is no longer good.) While the yeast mixture is proofing, in a small bowl, mix together the 3 tablespoons of water and the flaxseed meal and allow to thicken for 3 to 5 minutes. In another small bowl, mix together the baking mix, baking soda, xanthan gum, baking powder, and salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the shortening and applesauce. Stir in the flaxseed meal and mix in the dry ingredients until well combined. Stir in the yeast mixture. Fold in the raisins with a spatula. Cover the mixing bowl with a towel and place in a warm place to rise for 1 hour. Meanwhile, to prepare the filling, combine the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. When the dough has risen, roll it out between 2 sheets of parchment paper to ½ inch thick; this should make a rectangle that is about 15× 11 inches. Peel off the top sheet of parchment and spread the tablespoon of shortening over the dough. Sprinkle the dough with the cinnamon sugar, then, starting at the shorter end of the rectangle and using the parchment to help you roll the dough, tightly roll the dough into a long log. Smooth out any cracks in the dough with your fingers, from the outside of the parchment paper. Using a very sharp knife, cut the log into 12 slices. To make the glaze, heat the brown sugar, shortening, and water in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until the shortening has melted. Stir in the Lyle’s Golden Syrup, then spread the mixture on the bottom of a 9-inch round cake pan. Place the rolls, cut side down, on top of the glaze. Bake the rolls for 20 minutes, or until they are golden brown. Immediately turn the rolls out onto a cooling rack placed on a sheet of parchment paper; the glaze will run down the sides of the rolls and drip onto the parchment. Serve the rolls warm or let them cool completely and spread them with my Vanilla Buttercream Frosting, if desired. Store these rolls in an airtight container and refrigerated for up to 2 days.