Combine 2 cups water, the oil, and the salt in a medium-size saucepan, and bring to a vigorous boil over medium-high heat. Remove the pan from the heat and add the flour, stirring quickly and constantly as you add it. The flour will instantly absorb the water and come together to form a satin-soft ball. Transfer the dough to a clean, dry countertop or cutting board. Knead the dough to smooth it. Wrap the dough with plastic wrap to prevent it from drying out while you get the idli pan or a steamer basket ready for steaming. Shove the dough into the cylindrical cavity of a noodle press (see Notes) or a cookie spritzer (use the plate with the smaller round holes). If you are using an idli pan, sprinkle a scant teaspoon of coconut shreds in the individual concave-shaped indentations. Push the dough down to extrude vermicelli-thin noodles directly into the molds, and slice the strands as they fold into a nest. Stack the idli plates (there are usually four plates per pan, each with four indentations) around the idli stand, placing the small metal rod between the plates to separate them. Fill a large stockpot with hot water to a depth of about ½ inch, and set the device in it. Cover, and steam over medium-high heat until the nests appear dry and are slightly opaque, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the nests to a serving platter and keep them under plastic wrap to maintain their moist al dente texture. If you are using a steamer insert, scatter about 2 tablespoons coconut over the bottom of the steamer basket. Push the dough down to extrude vermicelli-thin noodles, making small piles in the basket and slicing the strands as they fold into nests. Cover, and steam over medium-high heat until the nests appear dry and are slightly opaque, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the nests to a serving platter as above. Repeat with the remaining dough. Use right away, or reheat later: in the microwave, covered, for about 30 seconds, or in the steamer basket for 1 to 2 minutes. You can also freeze the nests in sealed plastic bags or containers for up to 1 month.