For the sauce: Put the seeded jalapeño pepper, red wine vinegar, the eggs, chipotle pepper and sauce, mustard, parsley, salt, and pepper in a food processor and puree for 1 minute. Add the peanut oil in a thin, slow stream. Stop when you've put in about 2 cups of the oil, taste for seasoning, then continue adding the remaining 1 cup oil. The consistency should be like mayonnaise. Refrigerate until ready to use. For the cod cakes: Combine the onion halves, carrot, celery, whole garlic cloves, bay leaf and cod in a large saucepan, cover with water, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 to 10 minutes, or until the fish is cooked through. Remove the cod from the water and set aside to cool. Place the bread cubes in a bowl and moisten with water. Set aside. Coat the bottom of a large skillet with the olive oil. Add the diced onion, minced garlic, leeks, red pepper, and mushrooms and sauté over medium heat until the vegetables are soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the whiskey, mustard, and heavy cream and cook until the liquid has completely evaporated. Remove the pan from the heat and let cool. In a large bowl combine the sautéed vegetable mixture, the cooked cod, the bread crumbs, the remaining 2 eggs, and lemon juice. Squeeze the excess water out of the bread and add the bread to the cod mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Using your hand or a wooden spoon, combine well; the cod will break up into small flakes. The mixture should be fairly smooth and homogeneous. Form the mixture into 8 3- to 4-inch cakes, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least an hour and no more than 24 hours until ready to cook. . Pour the peanut oil into a large skillet to a depth of about 1/8 inch and heat over medium heat. (Test the temperature: When the remaining cube of bread sizzles when dropped in the oil, the oil is hot enough for frying. Do not leave the bread in the oil.) Add as many cod cakes as will fit comfortably in the pan and brown to crispy on both sides. You will need to cook the cakes in batches. Drain on paper towels. Keep the cooked cakes in a warm spot near the oven. Serve with the sauce.