Before assembling the tamales, review the Two-Husk Tamale Fold (see Notes). This fold makes it possible to create wrappers for generous portions of batter by overlapping the corn husks. Cut the kernels off the cobs over a large clean board or tray to make the kernels easier to collect. You will need 1½ cups of kernels. Loosen up the batter by whisking it for 2 to 3 minutes. The consistency should be something similar to a grainy and dense mousse. If the batter is too stiff to whisk easily, mix in some cold water, a little at a time, until it is softer and fluffier. Fold the kernels and salt into the batter. Line a tray with a kitchen towel and have ready the batter, strips of cheese and pepper, the husks, and the ties. Pick out the best 16 husks. Arrange 2 husks, smooth side up, next to each other lengthwise with the widest ends on opposite sides. Overlap the husks by about 1½ inches. Center 2 heaping tablespoons of the batter on top of the overlapping husks. Arrange 3 strips of cheese and 3 strips of pepper on top of the batter, then spoon another 2 heaping tablespoons of batter on top. Fold over one side. Fold over the opposite side. Fold the ends of the overlapping husks over as tightly as you can to create a neat package. Tie the package in a crisscross pattern to prevent the husks from unfolding and place it on the lined tray. Repeat until you have 8 tamales. Set aside the number of tamales that you would like to cook and keep the rest frozen for up to 6 months (see Notes). Steam the Tamales: Remove the basket from the steamer pot, add 2 inches of water to the pot, and bring to a boil over high heat. Meanwhile, arrange the packages upright, leaning or loosely wedged against each other in the basket. Ball up and stick in any extra husks or parchment paper to keep the tamales propped up if needed. Blanket them with any remaining husks. Place the basket in the pot, reduce the heat to medium, cover, and steam for 2 hours. Check the water level every 30 minutes and replenish with boiling water as needed. (If steaming frozen tamales, place them directly in the basket and cook them in the steamer pot for 2½ hours. Do not allow the tamales to thaw before cooking.) Remove the pot from the heat. Carefully remove the basket and place it on a folded kitchen towel. Let the tamales de elote cool slightly, cut off the strings, and serve. It’s best not to open the tamales too soon and to peel back the husks just before eating so they stay moist and warm.