TO MAKE THE CORN STOCK AND SOUP: Remove the kernels from the corncobs with a sharp knife and reserve them. Scrape the corncobs with the back of the knife and reserve the “milk.” Break the cobs in half and place them in a large stainless-steel saucepan. Add the leek, shallots, fennel, onion, garlic, bay leaf, fennel seed, coriander seed, salt, and black pepper to the saucepan. Add ½ of the thyme and ½ of the parsley. Cover with water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 30 minutes. Strain the stock, discarding the cobs and vegetables. Return the stock to the saucepan over medium heat and add the reserved corn kernels, the cream, and the butter. Tie together the remaining thyme and parsley and add them to the saucepan. Bring to a gentle simmer and cook for 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and remove and discard the herbs. Transfer the soup to a blender (you may need to work in batches) and blend until pureed. Strain the soup into a large bowl, pressing down on the solids to get as much liquid as possible. Discard the solids. Return the soup to the saucepan and season with the salt and black pepper. TO MAKE THE FRITTERS: In a medium skillet over medium heat, warm the oil. Add the corn, onion, garlic, ¼ teaspoon of the salt, and black pepper. Sauté for 3 minutes, until the corn is tender. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, and sugar. Mix well and set aside. In a large bowl, beat the eggs. Gradually add the milk, beating constantly. Stir in the flour mixture and combine until the dry ingredients are moistened. Stir in the thyme, Worcestershire sauce, and hot pepper sauce. Add the cooked corn mixture and stir well to combine until a batter forms. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, warm 3 inches of the canola oil. When the oil registers 350°F on a candy or deep-fry thermometer, drop the batter into the saucepan by the tablespoonful. Cook in batches and do not crowd the fritters, or the oil’s temperature will drop. When the fritters pop to the surface, roll them around with a slotted spoon to ensure that they fry evenly. Cook for 2 minutes, until golden brown. Remove from the heat and transfer to a plate lined with paper towels. Season with the remaining salt. Reheat the soup and top with the fritters. Serve garnished with the fresh thyme leaves, if desired.