Drain the soaked chickpeas and put them in a 4-quart (4-liter) saucepan with 4 cups (1 liter) cold water. Bring to a simmer, skimming any foam. Adjust the heat to maintain a bare simmer and cook uncovered until the chickpeas are soft, 45 minutes to 1½ hours, depending on age. Add the salt about 10 minutes before they are done. Let the chickpeas cool in the cooking liquid. Strain and reserve the broth. Make the Shrimp Stock: Peel the shrimp, reserving the shells. Devein the shrimp by slitting them down the back and pulling out the thin dark vein. Rinse the shrimp, then put them in a bowl and refrigerate until you are ready to poach them. Put the shrimp shells, parsley, and salt in a 4-quart (4-liter) saucepan with 2 quarts (2 liters) cold water. Bring to a simmer, skimming any foam. Adjust the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until the liquid has reduced by half, about 45 minutes. Strain, discarding the solids, and set the stock aside. Heat the olive oil in a 4-quart (4-liter) saucepan over moderate heat. Add the onion, carrot, celery, and garlic. Sauté, stirring often, until the vegetables are soft but not colored, about 5 minutes. Add the drained chick peas and cook with the vegetables, stirring occasionally, for about 5 minutes. Add 3 cups of the shrimp stock. Bring to a simmer and simmer gently for 10 minutes to meld the flavors. In a blender, puree the contents of the saucepan until completely smooth. Strain the puree through a fine sieve into a clean saucepan, pressing on the solids to extract as much flavor as possible. Using the reserved chick pea broth (1 cup of broth will probably be sufficient), thin the puree to a velvety consistency. Reheat the puree over moderate heat. Taste for salt. While the soup is reheating, bring the remaining 1 cup shrimp stock to a simmer in a 10-inch skillet over high heat. Add the reserved shrimp and cook, turning once, until they turn white, 1 to 2 minutes. If the chick pea soup still seems a little thick, use this flavorful shrimp stock to thin it. To serve, divide the hot soup among six bowls. Divide the shrimp among the bowls. Garnish each serving with a sprinkle of crushed anise seed and a dusting of hot pepper. Serve immediately.