Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the spinach, and blanch for 10 seconds. Drain the spinach in a colander. Rinse under running cold water, then squeeze well to remove most of the water. Place the spinach in a blender with ½ cup of the water and the ascorbic acid, if using (it sets the bright green color). Process until smooth. Set aside. In a saucepan, combine the chicken stock and the remaining 3 cups water over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low to keep the diluted stock at a bare simmer. In a skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and 2 teaspoons salt and cook until the onion sizzles, then reduce the heat to low. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent and soft, about 10 minutes; do not let the onion color. Add the thyme, if desired, and let it crackle for about 10 seconds. Stir in the rice, coating it evenly with the oil, and cook, stirring, until hot, about 2 minutes. Adjust the heat to maintain a simmer. Add the wine and simmer, stirring, until almost all the wine is absorbed. Begin adding the hot stock 1 cup at a time, stirring often and adding more liquid only when the previous addition has been absorbed. It should take about 20 minutes for the rice to be just shy of al dente, with a little starchiness left in the center of each grain. You may not need all the liquid; if you need a little more, use boiling water. Remove the risotto from the heat, stir in the Parmesan cheese and lemon zest, and then stir in the spinach puree. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Immediately pour the risotto onto a rimmed baking sheet. It should form a thin layer. Place uncovered in the refrigerator for about 1 hour to chill. To form each ball, spread about 2 tablespoons of the cooled risotto in the palm of your hand. Place a cube of mozzarella cheese in the center. Shape the risotto into a sphere about the size of a golf ball, with the cheese cube in the center. Repeat with the remaining risotto and mozzarella, placing the balls on a baking sheet as they are formed. Spread the flour on a dinner plate. Break 2 eggs into a shallow bowl and beat lightly. Spread the bread crumbs on a second dinner plate. Roll the risotto balls first in the flour, coating them evenly and shaking off the excess. Then dip them in the eggs, letting any excess drip back into the bowl. Finally, coat the risotto balls evenly with the bread crumbs. As the balls are ready, place them on a clean baking sheet. If you run short of beaten egg, use the remaining egg. Cover the balls and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 3 hours to firm the coating before frying. Pour the peanut oil to a depth of at least 4 inches into a deep fryer or a heavy, 8-inch-deep stockpot and heat to 350°F. Working in small batches, add the risotto balls to the hot oil and fry until golden brown, 2 to 2½ minutes. Do not crowd the pan. Using a slotted spoon or tongs, transfer the balls to paper towels to drain for 1 to 2 minutes, then place on a baking sheet and keep warm in a 200°F oven. They will keep for up to 2 hours. To serve, cover a large platter with a cloth napkin (to keep the balls from rolling around) and arrange the balls on top. Serve warm.