To make the Devil’s Food Cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter two 8-inch round cake pans, line the bottoms with parchment paper, and butter the parchment, Dust the parchment with flour and knock out the excess flour. Place the chocolate and cocoa powder in a medium heatproof bowl, Pour the hot coffee directly over them and whisk until combined. Add the milk and whisk until smooth. In another bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugars on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, heating well after each addition, then add the vanilla and beat until incorporated. Scrape down the bowl and mix again for 30 seconds. Add the flour mixture in three parts, alternating with the chocolate mixture, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Divide the batter into the prepared pans and smooth the tops. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through the baking time, until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Transfer the pans to a wire rack and let cool for 45 minutes. Turn the cakes out onto the rack and let them cool completely. Remove the parchment. To make the Angel Frosting: Place the egg whites in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Set aside. In a medium saucepan over low heat, stir together 1¼ cups of the sugar, the corn syrup, and ¼ cup water. Once the sugar is dissolved, increase the heat to medium-high, and clip a candy thermometer onto the side of the pot. Heat the mixture, without stirring, to almost soft-ball stage (about 235 degrees F)-do not let it go above 235 degrees F. While you wait for the syrup to reach the soft-ball stage, whip the egg whites on medium speed until soft peaks form-do not beat beyond this. As soon as the sugar mixture reaches the soft-ball stage, remove the pan from the heat. Sprinkle the remaining ¼ cup sugar over the soft peaks of the egg whites and turn the mixer to low. Slowly stream in the hot sugar syrup. Once all the syrup has been added, increase the speed to medium-high and beat the icing for about 7 minutes until it is thick and shiny. Add the vanilla and beat again for 10 seconds. To assemble the Devil’s Food Cake: Place one cake layer on a serving platter. Trim the top to create a flat surface and evenly spread about 1 cup frosting on top. Place the next layer on top, then trim and frost it the same way. Frost the sides of the cake with the remaining frosting. Serve immediately. Angel frosting tastes best if it is served within 4 hours of being made.