Cook the steak. Put a cast-iron skillet in the oven and preheat the oven to 500°F. Liberally season the steak with salt and black pepper. When the oven is fully heated, carefully remove the HOT cast-iron pan from the oven and place it over high heat. Add the butter, let it melt, then quickly add the steak. Don't touch it for the first 3 minutes: you're making a super-"Maillardy"-crusty caramelized outside (see sidebar opposite). After 3 minutes, flip and sear the second side for 1 1?2 minutes. Then place the entire skillet in the oven for 4 minutes. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let it rest while you make the sauce, at least 7 minutes. Make the sauce. In the same (unwashed) cast-iron skillet, now set over medium-high heat, add the shallot and green peppercorns and cook until the shallot is just beginning to color, about 2 minute about 2 minutes. Stand back and carefully pour in the vodka (all that vapor is flammable). Quickly position a grill lighter on the edge of the pan, turn your face away, and ignite. Just look at what you' and ignite. Then gently swirl the pan and turn the heat to low, until the fames die out. Add the broth and cream and bring to a simmer, whisking, and cook the sauce until it thickens and coats the back of a spoon (a nappé consistency), about 5 minutes. PLATE IT! On a nice, clean wooden cutting board, slice the rested steak off the bone in one whole piece, and set the bone aside. If it's too red for your liking, put it back in the oven for a few minutes. Slice the steak at angles, against the grain. Honestly, you can't mess this up too badly, because the steak will be so good and tender you'll be using all your restraint to not eat it with your fingers. Once sliced, reposition the slices against the bone, fanning them out a bit. Pour the sauce over the meat and eat directly from the board. I rarely get this to a table to sit down and "enjoy it." Pour your wine in advance with your comrade in consumption at your side, and have no shame at eating it in the kitchen. If you are married or in love with a carnivore, this says, "I'm sorry," "I love you," and "I want to share the best things in life with you." BREAK IT: Add some strong Dijon to the sauce to beat that meat even more into submission.