Soaking: All dry beans need to be soaked to rehydrate them before cooking-dry lentils and peas do not. We tested all the methods of soaking that we knew and found that we preferred a slow salt soak. The beans rehydrated more evenly, needed less salt in final preparation, and had better skin retention when cooked. The only consideration with this method is that it takes time—preferably 6 to 8 hours or overnight. We recommend refrigerating beans for both of the slow methods because they begin to ferment if held in a warm place for a long time. First, pick through beans and discard any discolored or shriveled beans and foreign matter. Rinse the beans well and place them in a 5-quart bowl or saucepan. Then select one of these soaking methods: Slow Salt Soak: Add 10 cups cups water and 2 teaspoons salt to 1 pound of beans. Set aside to cool to room temperature. Cover tightly and refrigerate 6 to 8 hours or overnight. Traditional Slow Soak: Add 10 cups water to 1 pound of beans. Set aside to cool to room temperature. Cover tightly and refrigerate 6 to 8 hours or overnight. Hot Soak: In a 5-quart saucepan, heat 10 cups water to boiling. Add 1 pound of beans. Bring to a boil over high heat; remove from heat; cover tightly and set aside at room temperature 2 to 3 hours. Quick Soak: In a 5-quart saucepan, heat 10 cups water to boiling. Add 1 pound of beans. Bring to a boil over high heat; let boil 2 to 3 minutes. Cover tightly and set aside at room temperature 1 hour. Cooking: Discard soaking water and rinse beans well in a colander. Place beans in a 5-quart saucepan or Dutch oven. If using dry lentils or peas, pick through and rinse before placing them in the saucepan. Add 8 cups water, 1 tablespoon olive or other vegetable oil, and 1 teaspoon salt (see note). Bring the bean mixture to a boil over high heat; reduce heat, cover partially with a tilted lid, and cook until desired tenderness. The cooking time will vary with the variety of bean, length of time beans have been stored, temperature of storage area, and the soaking method you have selected. When beans, lentils, or peas are done, drain and use in the recipes that follow or immerse completely in cold water until cool, drain well and freeze in 1- to 2-cup packages for later use.