Crumble rice with your fingers, breaking up into individual grains. Set aside. In a small bowl, combine sherry, soy sauce, salt and sugar and stir well. Set aside. Place a plate next to the stove to hold eggs after you cook them. Heat a wok or a large deep skillet over high heat. Add 1 tbsp (15 mL) of the vegetable oil and swirl to coat pan. Add eggs and swirl to expose them to the hot pan and cook, undisturbed, until edges have begun to set, about 15 seconds. Stir and scoop to break the cooked portions into soft lumps rather than flat sheets. Continue swirling and scooping until eggs are softly scrambled but still very moist, about 1 minute. Transfer to reserved plate. Add remaining oil to pan and swirl to coat well. Add onion, garlic and ginger and toss well, until fragrant about 15 seconds. Add edamame and sausage and toss well. Cook, tossing often, for 30 seconds. Add shrimp, spreading into a single layer. Cook, undisturbed, I until most of the edges turn pink, about 1 minute. Toss well. Add mushrooms and ham. Cook, tossing often, until mushrooms have softened and most of the shrimp have turned pink, about 1 minute more. Add rice and toss well. Cook, tossing often, for 1 minute. Add sherry mixture, pouring in around sides of pan and toss well. Cook, tossing often, until shrimp is cooked through and rice is hot and tender and evenly seasoned, about 1 minute more. Add cashews, green onions and scrambled eggs and toss well. Add cilantro and sesame oil and toss well. Transfer to a serving plate. Serve hot or warm. Variation: You can choose treasures that suit you, substituting a similar amount of a comparable ingredient. Typical ingredients in traditional eight-treasure rice stuffings include sweet Chinese sausage, pork and chicken, bamboo shoots, dried shrimp, lotus seeds, gingko nuts, chestnuts, dried shiitake mushrooms and cloud ear mushrooms. You could use Chinese-style roast duck, grilled chicken, kielbasa, crabmeat, bay scallops, peanuts, pine nuts, chopped asparagus or string beans. TIP There's a bit more preparation and assembly for this fried rice recipe, so you may want to handle all the chopping in one preliminary session and then keep the cleaned shrimp, chopped meats and scrambled egg in separate bowls. Cover and refrigerate for up to 1 day before cooking.