Make the caramel (see the Note on cooking caramel successfully): Combine the sugar, cream of tartar, and 1/3 cup water in a heavy-bottomed saucepan. Cover and bring to a rapid boil over medium-high heat. Once boiling, uncover the pan and cook the sugar until light golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat; the sugar will continue to cook. When the caramel is a deep amber brown, stand back and carefully add the cream. The caramel will erupt with bubbles and steam. Return the pan to medium-high heat and whisk the cream until dissolved and the caramel is completely smooth. Whisk in the milk and espresso, remove from the heat, and set aside. Make the crème anglaise: In a bowl, combine the egg, egg yolks, and salt and whisk for 1 minute. Using a ladle, slowly whisk 1/3 of the hot espresso cream into the egg mixture to warm it. Gradually, pour the warmed egg mixture into hot espresso cream, whisking constantly as you pour. Cook the custard over medium heat, stirring continuously and scraping the bottom with a rubber spatula or wooden spoon until the custard thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon. (This ice cream base has a high concentration of sugar, which raises the temperature at which the eggs coagulate, increasing the time it takes to cook and thicken the custard.) Remove from the heat and stir in the instant espresso powder. Strain the crème anglaise through a fine-mesh strainer into a bowl. Chill the crème anglaise and churn it: Place the crème anglaise (ice cream base) in an ice bath to cool completely. Transfer to the refrigerator and chill a minimum of 2 hours and up to 2 days before churning it in an ice cream machine. Churn the crème anglaise in an ice cream maker according to the machine manufacturer’s instructions. The ice cream is finished once it has increased in volume and it holds the lines from the stirring mechanism and mounds like softly whipped cream. Transfer to the freezer for 4 hours to attain a scoopable consistency. Serving Suggestions: Serve this ice cream with a crunchy light cookie such as the Crispy Bittersweet Chocolate Wafer. The Chocolate Caramel Tart and the Hazelnut Cake are also delicious with this ice cream.