Rinse the farro and soak it in enough cold water to cover for about 1 hour. Rinse again and toss it well in a colander to drain and dry. Have ready a glass or ceramic bowl filled with cold water to which you have added the lemon juice or vinegar. To prepare the artichokes, first cut off each stem flush with the base. Peel the tough skin from the stems and trim off a bit from the bottom, then slice each stem in half lengthwise. Drop the stems into the bowl of water. Using a small paring knife, tear off the tough outer leaves from each artichoke, stopping when you get to the more tender inner leaves that are yellow at the base. Using a serrated knife, cut crosswise across the top of the artichoke to remove the toughest part of the leaves. Using kitchen shears, trim away any tough parts from the top of the artichoke bottoms. Cut out the hairy choke with a paring knife. Using a large, sharp knife, cut each artichoke bottom into thin slices and add them to the bowl. Set aside until you are ready to use them. In a large, wide skillet, warm the olive oil and garlic together over medium -low heat. Use the back of a wooden spoon to press on the garlic to force out some of its juices. As soon as the oil is hot enough to make the artichokes sizzle, drain the artichokes and stems, pat dry, and add to the pan. Stir and toss with the garlic. When the garlic is colored but not browned, after 4 to 5 minutes, remove and discard the garlic to prevent it from imparting a bitter flavor to the oil. Add the farro to the oil and “toast” it, much like you do when you add rice for risotto. Toss to coat the farro kernels evenly and sauté for a total of about 6 minutes or so. The stir in the lemon zest and wine and cook to evaporate the alcohol, about 3 minutes. Add the water or broth and the salt (if you are using broth, you may not need to add more salt), and cook, uncovered, until the farro is tender, about 30 minutes. If necessary, add more water or broth to prevent the farro from drying out before it is cooked. Remember, the farro will be somewhat chewy, even when cooked through. Check for salt and add pepper to taste. Spoon into a warmed serving bowl and serve hot.