To make the tartar sauce, put the mayonnaise, pickle, lemon juice and zest, capers, parsley, chives, scallions, and shallots in a bowl and mix until well combined. Season the tartar sauce with salt and pepper to taste. Transfer it to a plastic container or glass jar, and refrigerate until ready to use. To make the Homemade Mayonnaise: To make the Homemade Mayonnaise: To make the mayonnaise by hand, whisk the egg yolks with a few drops of lemon juice and the mustard in a nonreactive mixing bowl. Start to form a stable emulsion by adding a little of the oil, a few drops at a time, while whisking vigorously. Continue adding the oil in a thin stream–you want to do this slowly to ensure that the oil is fully emulsified into the yolks from the get-go. Once you’ve incorporated about 1 cup of the oil (the mixture should be very thick at this point), add 1 tablespoon water and a few more drops of lemon juice. Season with the salt and pepper, and then continue to slowly add the remaining ½ cup oil while whisking vigorously. Transfer the mayonnaise to a glass jar or plastic container and refrigerate until ready to use. To make the mayonnaise in a food processor, put 1 tablespoon water, the egg yolks, a few drops of lemon juice, and the mustard in the processor. With the processor running, gradually add a few drops of the oil. Continue adding the oil in a thin stream–you want to do this slowly to ensure that the oil is fully emulsified into the yolks from the get-go. Once you’ve incorporated about 1 cup of the oil (the mixture should be very thick at this point), add another tablespoon of water and a few more drops of lemon juice. Season with the salt and pepper, and continue to slowly add the remaining ½ cup oil while the processor is still running on high speed. Transfer the mayonnaise to a glass jar or plastic container and refrigerate until ready to use. The mayonnaise will keep for up to 3 days under refrigeration. To make the chips, adjust the oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350°F. Wash and scrub the potatoes. Place them on a baking sheet and bake them until they can be easily pierced with a paring knife, 45 minutes to 1 hour. To make the chips, adjust the oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350°F. Wash and scrub the potatoes. Place them on a baking sheet and bake them until they can be easily pierced with a paring knife, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the potatoes from the oven, let them cool to room temperature, and then refrigerate them for at least 30 minutes. Cut each potato in half lengthwise, and laying the potato half on its flat side, cut it lengthwise into 3 wedges. Fill a large pot with oil about 2 inches deep. Heat the oil over medium-high heat until it reaches 375°F on a deep-fry thermometer. Working in batches, fry the potatoes until they’re golden brown, about 3 minutes. Drain them on a plate lined with paper towels, and then season them generously with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with the minced parsley, chives, and scallions. Reserve the chips in a warm spot. For the fish, combine the breadcrumbs, grated Pecorino, parsley, and thyme in a food processor and pulse until the mixture resembles a very fine meal. To make the fish: To make the fish: