These salts can be made in about thirty seconds. Combine ¼ cup sel gris or other coarse sea salt and 1 teaspoon flavor ingredient (for the Kaffir lime salt, use 2 medium Kaffir lime leaves; I keep a small bag of them in my freezer). My current favorites are: MACCHA SALT: Powdered green tea plus salt. The stunning color bestows an ethereal beauty on foods. The slightly bitter tea marries beautifully with egg yolks, tofu, onions, and even chocolate. TANGERINE SALT: Dried pieces of tangerine (or orange) plus salt. Adds tangy, fruity, citrus notes to food. Try it sprinkled on roasted chicken, vegetable side dishes (especially beets), light pastas, shrimp, grilled fish, and omelets. LAVENDER SALT: Dried lavender buds plus salt. Excellent on lamb (both as a salt rub before cooking and as a sprinkling afterward), salad greens, heirloom tomatoes, and avocados. Adds a floral, herbaceous touch. SMOKED PAPRIKA SALT: Smoked, finely powdered paprika and salt. Use it when you want a smoky, powerful, earthy blast of flavor. Great on potatoes, fried rice, and grilled meats. KAFFIR LIME SALT: Leaves of the Kaffir lime tree plus salt. This salt infuses a Thai-like flowery headiness into dishes. Works well on poached eggs, seafood, corn on the cob, and steamed rice. MACCHA SALT: Powdered green tea plus salt. The stunning color bestows an ethereal beauty on foods. The slightly bitter tea marries beautifully with egg yolks, tofu, onions, and even chocolate. TANGERINE SALT: Dried pieces of tangerine (or orange) plus salt. Adds tangy, fruity, citrus notes to food. Try it sprinkled on roasted chicken, vegetable side dishes (especially beets), light pastas, shrimp, grilled fish, and omelets. LAVENDER SALT: Dried lavender buds plus salt. Excellent on lamb (both as a salt rub before cooking and as a sprinkling afterward), salad greens, heirloom tomatoes, and avocados. Adds a floral, herbaceous touch. SMOKED PAPRIKA SALT: Smoked, finely powdered paprika and salt. Use it when you want a smoky, powerful, earthy blast of flavor. Great on potatoes, fried rice, and grilled meats. KAFFIR LIME SALT: Leaves of the Kaffir lime tree plus salt. This salt infuses a Thai-like flowery headiness into dishes. Works well on poached eggs, seafood, corn on the cob, and steamed rice.