Preheat the oven to 350°. Place ½ cup of the sugar in a heavy skillet. Melt the sugar over moderately high heat. When the sugar begins to dissolve, stir in constantly with a wooden spoon until all of the sugar melts and begins to turn a light golden color. Remove from the heat and immediately pour into the flan mold. Lift the mold with a dry kitchen towel or hot pads and turn it until the bottom surface and sides are well coated with the sugar. Set aside. In a heavy saucepan, scald the cream and the milk over moderately high heat. Add the remaining ¼ cup sugar. When the sugar dissolves, remove from the heat and whisk in the egg yolks and eggs. Pour the flan into the prepared mold, and place the mold in a large pan. Add hot water to come halfway up the sides of the mold. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until a knife comes out clean when inserted in the center of the flan. Remove from the oven and allow to set for at least 2 hours before unmolding. Prepare the coconut: Preheat the oven to 350°. With a large nail or screwdriver, poke the 3 eyes of the coconut. Drain the milk and reserve. Place the coconut in the oven and bake for 10 minutes. Remove the coconut and reduce the oven temperature to 275°. Hit the coconut fi rmly with a hammer. Peel the meat out of the shell. With a vegetable peeler, peel off the outer brown skin. Grate the flesh. On a baking sheet, spread out ½ cup of the grated coconut and bake, tossing, until golden; reserve the remaining coconut for other use. Prepare the sauce: Strain the coconut milk into a saucepan and add the heavy cream and sugar. Bring to a simmer, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and whisk half of the liquid into the eggs. Return the milk and egg mixture to the saucepan, and cook, stirring constantly, until it thickens slightly. Fold in the fresh toasted coconut, and bring to room temperature. To unmold, lift the flan and twist slightly. If loose, unmold. If not, return to a warm water bath to loosen the caramel. Invert the pan on a platter and serve with the Coconut Cream.