Thirty minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 450°F and place a pizza stone or baking tiles, an inverted large cast-iron skillet, or a heavy baking sheet on the middle rack of the oven to heat. If the dough has been refrigerated, bring to room temperature 15 to 20 minutes before shaping. On a floured work surface, flatten the dough into a disk and roll it, or press, pat, and stretch it into a rough circle, about 12 inches in diameter, adding a little more flour if necessary to keep it from sticking. Place a sheet of parchment paper roughly the size of the dough on a peel, rimless cookie sheet, or an inverted baking sheet. Transfer the dough to the parchment. Prick the dough all over with a fork and brush it with 1½ teaspoons of the oil. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and set in a warm place to rise until puffy, 15 to 20 minutes. Arrange the optional toppings over the dough; if using cheese, add it after the dough has baked for 4 to 5 minutes and is just beginning to puff and brown. Using a slightly dampened brush, brush lightly with oil. Sprinkle with the salt. Slide the dough, still on the parchment, onto the hot pizza stone. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until the bubbles that formed on the surface are golden and the edges of the dough are browned. Remove the focaccia from the oven and slide it off the parchment; brush with the remaining oil. With a heavy chef’s knife, cut the focaccia into wedges. Serve at once. Improvisation 1: Classic Rosemary Focaccia Follow the guide above, using 3 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves or 1 tablespoon dried crumbled rosemary as the topping. Improvisation 2: Garlic and Sage Focaccia Follow the guide above, using the sage leaves and garlic cloves as the topping. Improvisation 3: Onion and Fennel Seed Focaccia Follow the guide above, using onions as the topping. After brushing them lightly with oil, sprinkle with the salt, a pinch of sugar, freshly ground black pepper, and ¼ teaspoon ground coriander. Scatter 1 teaspoon fennel seeds over the top. Improvisation 4: Black Olive and Herb Focaccia Follow the guide above, using olives as the topping. Sprinkle the oiled dough with about 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme or rosemary, then scatter the olives over and press them gently into the dough.