Carefully check the inside of the roast. Remember that the inside of the circle is the side of the roast normally on the outside. With a sharp pointed knife, remove as much extra fat as possible from the inside. If the butcher has not already done it, make little wrappings of aluminum foil to cover the exposed top bones. Place the roast in a pan large enough to hold it comfortably. Boil 2 cups water. Add the morels and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. Remove the morels with a slotted spoon and reserve. Line a sieve with damp tea cloth. Pour the morel liquid through the cloth or a coffee filter. Return the liquid to the pot with enough water to make 4 cups. Bring to a boil and add the porcini and oyster mushroom slices. Boil for 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and reserve. Heat the oven to 550°F with a rack in the second position from the bottom. Meanwhile, cook the liquid in the pot to reduce to ¾ cup. Heat the oil in a small sauté pan over medium-low heat. Cook the onion until soft and translucent, about 10 minutes. Coarsely chop the porcini and oyster mushrooms and any large or mushy or torn morels. Toss with the onion, herbs, salt and pepper, quinoa, caraway, and ¼ cup of the reduced mushroom liquid. Grease a 6-inch square of aluminum foil. Pile as much of the stuffing into the center of the crown roast as possible, patting it down and mounding it. Reserve any extra stuffing. Cover the stuffing with the greased foil. Put the roast in the oven for 50 minutes. Remove the foil. Roast for 15 more minutes. Check the temperature of the meat with an instant-read thermometer, making sure the tip isn’t touching bone and goes toward the center into the thickest part. If the temperature has not reached 145°F, return the roast to the oven until it has. Remove the roast from the oven. Either with a strong commercial hamburger spatula or with hands and two clean kitchen towels, move the roast to a platter. Remove the foil from the bones. Put the pan on top of the stove. Add 2 cups water and any leftover stuffing. Bring to a boil, scraping the bottom of the pan to dissolve all the meat juices. Serve the roast carved into chops with a large spoonful of dressing and pass the deglazing liquid as a sauce. In addition to your carving knife and fork, be sure to have kitchen scissors on hand as string will have been used to form the crown.