Preheat the oven to 350°. Put the ham, skin and fat side down, in a large, deep roasting pan with the wine and bake approximately 10 to 15 minutes a pound for a whole ham, 15 to 18 minutes for a half ham, basting from time to time with the liquid. When tested with a meat thermometer, inserted in the thickest part but not touching the bone, the internal temperature should be 130°. Remove the ham from the oven and trim off the skin or rind and all but about ¼ inch of the fat. Mix together the bread crumbs and dry mustard and rub the mixture into the fat with your hand. Press brown sugar into the crumbs and dot all over with Dijon mustard. To glaze the ham (that is, to melt the sugar and give the fat a glossy brown finish), put the ham under the broiler, if it is deep enough, about 10 inches from the heat, and watch carefully to see that the mixture does not scorch—the sugar should melt into the crumbs and leave a nice glaze. Otherwise turn up the oven heat to 450° and bake the ham 15 to 20 minutes more, or until nicely glazed. With hot ham, serve potato and semolina gnocchi , a purée of spinach, and a mustard hollandaise or Cumberland sauce. With cold ham, serve a salad of white beans and tiny bits of chopped tomato, cucumber, and green pepper, tossed with a well-flavored vinaigrette sauce and garnished with thinly sliced red Italian onions. A hot com or spinach soufflé is also a nice accompaniment to a cold ham, with a selection of French and German mustards. Champagne or a very fruity Alsatian White wine or a rose wine goes well with either hot or cold ham. CUMBERLAND SAUCE Remove the zest (the orange part of the rind) from 1 orange with a potato peeler and chop it very fine. Put in a small pan with 1 cup of Port wine or Madeira and cook over medium-high heat until the liquid is reduced to 1/3 cup. Add the juice of the orange, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 cup currant jelly, and pinch of cayenne pepper or ground ginger. Stir until the jelly is melted, then serve the sauce. Makes about 1 cup.