Combine the currants and raisins with the retsina in a small bowl and let stand for at least 1 hour, or preferably overnight. If using fresh grape leaves, bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Drop in the leaves, pressing down to submerge them, and blanch until they are no longer bright green, about 2 minutes. Drain immediately, rinse in cool water, and gently squeeze out the excess liquid. Set aside. If using bottled grape leaves, remove them from the jar gently to avoid tearing, and squeeze out the excess liquid. Set aside. Heat the oil in a medium-size skillet over medium-high heat. Add the rice, onion, garlic, pine nuts, zest, and salt, reduce the heat to medium, and sauté until the onion is transparent, about 5 minutes. Add the currants and raisins, with their liquid, and sauté until the liquid has mostly evaporated, about 3 minutes. (The rice will not be cooked through.) Remove from the heat and stir in the dill and mint leaves. Line the bottom and sides of a medium-size pot or sauté pan with torn or extra grape leaves and some of the reserved dill and mint stems. On a counter, lay out as many grape leaves, veined side up, as you have room for. Place about ½ tablespoon of the rice mixture near the stem end of each leaf. Roll the bottom of the leaf up over the stuffing. Then fold in the sides of the leaf to partially enclose the filling. Continue rolling to completely enclose the filling, forming a stubby cylinder. As you fill and roll the leaves, tightly pack the dolmadakia, leaf tip down, in the pan, forming concentric circles until the bottom is completely covered. When one layer is complete, make a second layer. Continue stuffing, rolling, and tightly packing the leaves until all the stuffing is used. Try to keep the top layer as even and flat as possible, even if it is not complete. Cover the top layer with the remaining dill and mint stems and any extra grape leaves. Fill the pan with enough water to barely cover the leaves. Pour the lemon juice over all. Weight down the dolmadakia with a heavy plate or a slightly smaller pan partially filled with water. Set the pan on the stove and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until the rice is tender, 1 hour. Remove, taste a dolma to make sure the rice is done, and allow to cool. When the dolmadakia are cool enough to handle, carefully pour off the liquid, pressing down on the leaves slightly to extract the excess liquid. Chill until completely cool. . Present the dolmadakia in their cooking pan if it is attractive, or arrange them nicely on a platter. Garnish with the lemon slices and serve.