IN A MEDIUM-SIZE HEAVY SAUCEPAN, combine the stock, milk, and salt and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat so that the liquid is simmering and sprinkle the polenta over it in a very slow, thin stream, whisking constantly in the same direction until all the grains have been incorporated and no lumps remain. Reduce the heat to very low. Switch to a wooden paddle and stir every 1 or 2 minutes for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the mixture comes away from the sides of the pan and the grains of polenta have begun to soften. The mixture should be so thick that the paddle will stand upright for 1 or 3 seconds. Add 2 tablespoons of the butter and the Parmesan, stirring until they are evenly distributed. Remove from the heat. RINSE AN 8 × 12-INCH PAN with cold water and shake it dry. Mound the polenta in the pan and, using a spatula repeatedly dipped in very hot water, spread the polenta into an even layer just under ½ inch thick. Cover with a tea towel and let rest for at least 1 hour at room temperature and up to 24 hours in the refrigerator. WHEN READY TO SERVE, preheat an indoor broiler or an outdoor grill to high heat. MELT THE REMAINING 2 TABLESPOONS butter. Cut the polenta into twelve 2-inch squares, brush evenly with the melted butter and sprinkle with black pepper to taste. Grill about 3 inches from the heat for 5 minutes on each side, or until browned. Remove from the heat, drain briefly on paper towels, if desired, and top each square with a small dollop of mascarpone, a little piece of smoked trout, and a few chives. Serve immediately. TOPPING VARIATIONS TOPPING VARIATIONS Dollops of mascarpone topped with shavings of white truffle instead of smoked trout. Peeled, seeded, and chopped plum tomatoes mixed with minced garlic and fresh basil, bound with olive oil, and seasoned with salt and pepper. Dollops of basil, parsley, or cilantro pesto. Slivers of Italian fontina cheese. Return the crostini to the grill until the cheese just melts, then garnish with tiny strips of prosciutto. Slivers of smoked mozzarella. Return the crostini to the grill until the cheese just melts, then garnish with julienned fresh basil leaves. Crumbled feta, topped with strips of Oven-roasted Tomatoes. Braised fennel topped with crumbled gorgonzola. Caramelized onions and pancetta.