Light a fire on one side of a large kettle grill, using about enough charcoal to fill a large shoe box. Dry the roast with paper towels, then rub it all over with the salt and pepper, pressing gently to be sure that it adheres. When the fire has died down and the coals are covered with white ash, place the roast bone side down on the side of the grill away from the coals, being very careful that none of the meat is directly over the coals. Put the lid on the grill and open the vents about one quarter of the way. Cook, adding a handful of fresh charcoal about every 30 minutes, until the roast is done the way you like it, about 1 hour and 40 minutes to 2 hours for rare. To check for doneness, insert a meat thermometer into the dead center of the roast and let it sit for 5 seconds, then read the temperature: 120°F is rare, 126°F is medium-rare, 134°F is medium, 150°F is medium-well, and 160°F is welldone; we like to pull it at 122°F. When the roast is done to your liking, remove it from the grill, cover it loosely with foil, and allow it to rest for 20 minutes or so before carving. While the roast is cooking, make the hobo packs: Tear off eight sheets of heavy-duty foil, each about 2 feet long, and stack them one on top of the other. Arrange half the potatoes, garlic, and sage in the center of the top sheet, drizzle with half of the olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Fold up the top four sheets of foil around the vegetables one after the other, turning the package one quarter turn after each one and making sure that each sheet is well sealed around the vegetables. Repeat this process with the remaining potatoes, garlic, and sage. Place the hobo packs in the coals around the periphery of the fire, where the heat is less intense. Pile the coals up around the packs and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 40 minutes. Remove the hobo packs from the coals, unwrap the packages, and garnish the potatoes with the sour cream, chives, and bacon. Slicing between the ribs, cut the beef into big thick slices. Serve accompanied by the potatoes.