Place the lamb cubes in a mixing bowl. Squeeze the lime juice into a blender. Add the ginger, garlic, 1 red onion, salt, green papaya, and green chilies and blend until smooth. Pour over the lamb and toss to coat. Marinate the lamb for at least 4 hours in the refrigerator. Cut the remaining onion into eighths and then separate the layers. Cut the bell pepper into pieces that match the size of the onion pieces. Thread the lamb and the onions and peppers, alternating pieces on the skewers. Heat the grill. Brush the kababs generously with the mustard oil and place on the grill. Cook for about 10 minutes on each side. Brush with mustard oil again and sprinkle with the nigella seeds and panch phoron and cook for another 5 to 7 minutes on each side. Serve hot! Panch Phoron: Bengali Five Spice Blend Every existence—no matter how simple—is in some way tinged with the myriad flavors of life. This is often a composition of sweet, sour, bitter, savory, and the astringent, much like the five-spice blend we Bengalis call panch phoron. The Bengali Five Spice Blend is a blend of five whole spices in equal proportions; cumin seeds, mustard seeds, nigella seeds, fenugreek seeds, and fennel seeds. The fenugreek is a substitution for the spice called radhuni (a form of celery seed relatively uncommon outside of India). The actual panch phoron, however, is available in most Indian stores, often transliterated as panch puran. It is almost impossible to prepare a Bengali meal without using the panch phoron blend, and the individual spices are also important and form the basis of the Bengali pantry. The Bengali kitchen is typified by the scent of the mustard oil heating, followed by the crackling sound of the essential five-spice mixture. The crackling is almost immediately followed by the fragrance of cumin, nigella, and fennel merging into a union of scents. The popping of whole seeds in oil to add flavor to a dish is a hallmark of Indian cooking. This process adds a nutty taste to the seeds and mellows and matures their flavor.