Crack three of the eggs into each of two large bowls. Stir ½ teaspoon of the salt, and a grinding of black pepper into each bowl. Stir the zucchini into one bowl and the carrot into the other. Divide equally and stir the cheese into each bowl. Stir the nutmeg into the carrot mixture and the mint into the zucchini mixture. Set the bowls aside. In a pasta pot with an insert bring the water to a boil. Add the 1 tablespoon of salt and the plain fettucine. Cook for only 2 to 3 minutes for fresh or follow the directions on the package for commercially prepared, being careful to cook the fettucine at dente. With a pasta scoop, drain the fettucine from the water, shaking off the excess and transfer it to the bowl with the zucchini mixture. Toss the ingredients gently together and set aside. In the same pot, cook the spinach fettucine until at dente and drain with a pasta scoop, shaking off the excess water. Transfer the fettucine to the bowl with the carrot mixture and toss well. Set aside. In a large (12-inch) nonstick saute pan, heat together 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and 1 tablespoon of the butter. Make sure the oil and butter evenly coat the bottom of the pan. Transfer the plain fettucine mixture to one half of the pan, smoothing out the top so it is even. Pour the spinach fettucine mixture in the other half of the pan next to the plain fettucine and smooth the top. Make sure the two types of fettucine meet in the center of the pan. Cook over medium heat until the frittata easily moves away from the sides of the pan and moves freely when the pan is shaken. Place a serving dish, pizza pan, or rimless baking sheet larger than the diameter of the saute pan over the top and carefully invert the frittata onto the dish or pan. Set aside. Return the saute pan to the heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablepoon butter and when it is hot, slide the undercooked side of the frittata back into the pan and cook the other side. Invert the frittata once it is cooked onto a serving dish. Let cool slightly, then cut into wedges to serve.