To Make Dough No. 1: In a large bowl, sift flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. In another large bowl, beat eggs with an electric mixer until fluffy, and set aside. In a third bowl, combine sugar, vegetable oil, orange and lemon juices and zests, and vanilla. Add this juicy mixture to the eggs and blend well. Then add flour–baking powder–salt mixture, and continue mixing until your dough forms a ball and pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Turn dough out onto a well-floured board, and knead until it no longer sticks to your fingers. Divide dough into 4 sections. On a well-floured board, using a floured rolling pin, roll out the dough to a 1?8-inch thickness. Have filling, egg glaze, sugar, cookie cutter, flatware teaspoon, pastry brush, and greased cookie sheet close at hand. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Use a cookie cutter (or jar lid) to create circles about 4 inches in diameter. Place about 1 teaspoon (a flatware teaspoon, not a culinary measuring spoon) of the filling in the center of the circle, fold in sides, and press dough to seal, creating two sides of a triangle. Use a little of the egg glaze mixture as “glue” if you need it. Then fold the bottom of the circle up to form the third side of your “tricorne,” leaving a little of the filling visible in the center. Brush top side of each pastry well with egg glaze mixture, sprinkle with sugar, and place on the greased cookie tray. Since cutting circles leaves a lot of marginal dough, you’ll have to gather scraps in a ball and roll them out again. Bake for 20 minutes or until your hamantaschen are a light golden brown (check after 15 minutes to see how they’re doing). Let hamantaschen cool before you remove them from the baking pan with a spatula. To Make Almond-Flavored Dough No. 2: In a large bowl, sift flour, baking powder, and salt. Add almonds, and mix thoroughly. Set aside. In a separate bowl, beat eggs with an electric mixer until fluffy, and set aside. In another large bowl, cream sugar and butter with your electric mixer until completely blended. Add eggs, vanilla, and almond extract, and mix thoroughly. Add almond-flour mixture, and, using your hands, blend until the dough begins to form a ball and pull away from the sides of the bowl. Turn out onto a well-floured board, and knead the dough until it no longer sticks to your fingers. Steps 4 and 5 are the same as in previous recipe. To Make the Prune Filling: Purée all ingredients except nuts in a blender or food processor. Transfer mixture to a bowl, and thoroughly blend in finely chopped nuts. To Make the Poppy Seed Filling: Pour boiling water over the poppy seeds and set aside for 15 minutes. Drain and grind (or put them in your food processor with the honey, brown sugar, raisins, and lemon rind). Transfer mixture to a bowl, and thoroughly blend in finely chopped nuts. To Make the Apricot Filling: Purée all ingredients except nuts in a blender or food processor. Transfer mixture to a bowl, and thoroughly blend in finely chopped nuts. To Make the Apple Filling: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and mix thoroughly. Put in a blender or food processor and pulse for a few seconds to make mixture a little moister and easier to use.