Liberally salt and pepper the short ribs and set them aside for at least 30 minutes or overnight. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a large Dutch oven or ovenproof sauté pot, add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and set over medium-high heat. When the oil is hot and rippling, add the short ribs, making sure all of the ribs are touching the bottom of the pot. (Do not stack the ribs.) Brown for 2 minutes, then turn each rib over to brown the other side. Continue working in this fashion until all sides are browned. Remove the short ribs from the pot, reserving them on a plate. Reduce the heat to medium and adding the onion, carrots, and celery. Cook stirring often, until the vegetables begin to brown and stick to the bottom of the pot, about 5 minutes. Deglaze the pot with half of the hard apple cider, stirring the bottom to scrape up all the brown bits. The cider will foam up, which is okay. Return the ribs to the pot, nestling them in with the vegetables so they are on the bottom Add the remaining hard apple cider, the bay leaf, rosemary, and thyme; the cider should cover the ribs fully. If not, add a cup or two of water to cover. Bring to a boil, then cover the pot and put it in the oven. Bake until the meat falls off the bone and shreds easily with a fork, about 3 hours. While the ribs are braising, check them every 30 minutes or so to be sure the braising liquid doesn’t evaporate; replace with stock or water as needed. You want the ribs to be just covered in liquid at all times. After 2½ hours, remove the pot from the oven and strain out the vegetables using a slotted spoon, draining off the stock. Drain well or the vegetables will not brown. Transfer the vegetables to a roasting pan in a single layer, and add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil, stirring to coat. Replace the pot m the oven along with the vegetable pan; roast until the vegetables are crisp and brown, about 30 minutes. To prepare the slaw. Put the apple in a small bowl and toss with the basil, lime juice, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Stir to combine and adjust the salt as needed. Set aside until you’re ready to serve Remove the roasted vegetables and short ribs from the oven. Place the short ribs in the center of a serving platter and position the roasted vegetables around them. Set the pot on the stovetop over high heat. Boil, reducing the liquid down to a gravy, for 12 to 15 minutes, or until the consistency is to your liking. Strain the gravy and pour over the ribs. Sprinkle apple slaw over the ribs and serve immediately.