If you haven’t already, prepare the pastry and refrigerate it until firm enough to roll, about 1 hour. On a sheet of lightly floured waxed paper, roll the larger portion of the pastry into a 13½-inch circle with a floured rolling pin. Invert the pastry over a 9-inch deep-dish pie pan. Center it, then peel off the paper. Tuck the pastry into the pan; without stretching it, and let the edge of the pastry drape over the side of the pan. Refrigerate while you make the filling. Put the cider in a small saucepan, bring to a boil, and let boil until it is reduced to ¼ to 1/3 cup; keep a heatproof measuring cup nearby to check it. Set aside. Put the apples, pears, pumpkin, and cranberries in a large mixing bowl. Add the reduced cider and granulated sugar and toss well to mix. Set aside for 10 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. In a small mixing bowl, combine the corn-starch and brown sugar. Add this to the fruit and mix again. Mix in the lemon juice, lemon zest, cinnamon, and cloves. Set aside. On another sheet of floured waxed paper, roll the other half of the pastry into an 11½-inch circle. Moisten the rim of the pie shell with a damp pastry brush or finger. Turn the filling into the crust, smoothing the top with your hands. Invert the top pastry over the filling, center it, and peel off the paper. Press the pastries together at the dampened edge, then trim the pastry flush to the edge of the pan with a paring knife. Using a fork or paring knife, poke several steam vents in the top pastry; put several of the vents near the edge of the pie, so you can check the juices there later. Gather the pastry trimmings into a ball, then roll the dough about 1/8 inch thick on a sheet of floured waxed paper, flouring the dough as needed. Cut the dough into 4 leaves (see Headnotes), using the back of a paring knife to make a lengthwise vein down the center and smaller ones running diagonally to either side of the line. Lay the leaves on top of the pie with the stem ends in the center and the tips pointing out to the 12, 3, 6, and 9 o’clock positions. Brush the top of the pie lightly with milk and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Place the pie directly on the center ove n rack and bake for 30 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees. Remove the pie from the oven baking sheet back in there oven and bake until the juice but the thickly at the edge, another 30 to 40 minutes. Transfer the pie to a cooling rack and let cool for 30 to 60 minutes before serving.