Place the chicken in the pot of a 5-quart slow cooker, or use a 4½-quart soup pot. Pour enough cold tap water over the chicken to cover it (about 10½ cups). (The exact amount of water doesn’t matter so long as the chicken is covered, but 10½ cups will make enough stock to equal seven cans of purchased broth. The chicken and vegetables will release the additional 1½ cups of liquid.) Next, add the onion, carrots, and celery. Cover the pot. If you are using a slow cooker, cook the stock for 5 hours on high or 10 hours on low. If you are using a soup pot, first bring the water to a boil over high heat, then lower the heat and simmer, covered, for 5 hours. Check the stock from time to time, adding more water, if necessary, and spooning off any foam that collects on top. When the stock has cooked, transfer the chicken pieces to a bowl to cool. (The meat can be removed from the bones for later use.) Discard the vegetables. Ladle the stock through a strainer. (You can cool the stock at room temperature for up to 30 minutes before straining, but it isn’t necessary.) The next step is a secret that comes courtesy of Molly O’Neill’s New York Cookbook. For a really rich chicken taste, stir a little commercial chicken bouillon into the strained warm stock. (O’Neill actually recommends this step for adding a rich taste to finished chicken soup, but we think this is a great idea for homemade stock as well.) We like to use a tablespoon of reduced-sodium chicken bouillon crystals. If you’d rather use 4 regular chicken bouillon cubes, add them with the vegetables so they’ll dissolve. After the stock has been refrigerated for several hours, scoop off any fat from the surface. The stock can now be used in place of canned broth in all of our recipes. Although the amount in cans of cicken broth varies we package most of our stock in 2-cup amounts. We also usually package some in 1-cup portions, because that’s another common recipe amount. You can put it in containers that hold the amount you think you’re most likely to use. For storage, use Tupperware or any airtight, hard plastic containers you have. (Recent studies have cast doubt over whether it’s safe to store leftovers in reused, “soft” plastic containers such as margarine tubs and sour cream containers.) The stock will keep, covered and refrigerated, for up to 2 days; covered and frozen, for up to 2 months. Thaw frozen stock overnight in the refrigerator, or defrost it in the microwave.