Mix all meat ball ingredients except oil and shape in 1” balls. Brown well in oil, a few balls at a time, 5-7 minutes in a heavy skillet over moderately high heat; remove to paper toweling with a slotted spoon. Drain all but 1 tablespoon drippings from pan, add balls, turn heat to low, cover, and simmer 10-15 minutes, adding about 2 tablespoons water, if needed, to keep balls from sticking. Serve hot on toothpicks with or without a savory dip (Béarnaise, Chinese-Style Sweet-Sour, and Plum Sauce are particularly good). Or, if you prefer, serve in the above sauce: Brown and drain balls as directed; before returning to pan, blend flour into drippings, add remaining ingredients, and heat and stir until thickened. Add meat balls, cover, and simmer 10-15 minutes. Serve from a chafing dish with toothpicks. VARIATIONS Roman Meat Balls: For the meat balls, use pound each ground beef chuck and hot or sweet Italian sausages removed from casings; stir-fry 10 minutes over moderately high heat until cooked through. Drain off drippings and cool meat slightly; then mince. Mix with ingredients called for but omit hot red peppers; add 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan. Shape into 1” balls, brown and cook as directed. Per serving: 175 C, 70 mg cu. 510 mg S* Chutney-Nut Meat Balls: To the meat ball mixture add 1/3 cup minced walnuts or toasted almonds. Proceed as directed, simmering in the sauce to which 1/3 cup well-drained, minced chutney has been added. Per serving: 280 C, 75 mg CR, 495 mg S* Chili Meat Balls: Prepare meat balls as directed, omitting hot red chili peppers and adding 1 tablespoon chili powder and 2 tablespoons chili sauce. Also prepare sauce, blending 1 teaspoon chili powder into drippings along with flour. Per serving: 225 C, 75 mg en. 545 mg S* Blue Cheese Meat Balls: Prepare meat balls as directed, omitting hot red chili peppers and salt and adding 3-4 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese. Serve without sauce pass Sour Cream Dressing as a dip. Per serving: 185 C, 75 mg CH, 340 mg S*