Put the chickens in a very large pot with water to cover. Bring to the boil, remove the scum, add salt, and simmer 45 minutes, until tender. Fry the onions in the oil till very soft and golden. You will need to cook them in 2 pans because of the large quantity, and they will take very long to cook. Put the lid on and stir occasionally. Lift out the chickens when they are done, remove skin and bones, and cut the meat into smallish pieces. Reduce the stock by boiling to concentrate it. In another pan, beat the eggs lightly and beat in I cup (250 ml) of the reduced stock. Add a little salt and pepper, the ginger, cinnamon, lemon juice, coriander, and parsley. Stir with a wooden spoon over medium-low heat for about 10 minutes, or until the eggs set to a creamy soft scramble. Add the almonds, toasted or lightly fried and coarsely chopped, and the chicken pieces and mix well. That is the filling. Let it cool. Take the filo sheets out of their packages when you are ready to use them. 1 used 2 packages of 14 oz (400 g) each; the sheets were 18½ by 12½ inches (47 by 32 cm). Keep them opened out, in a pile. Brush the top one lightly with oil. Put a good portion of filling—about 3 heaping tablespoons—about 4 inches (10 cm) from a short edge, and equidistant from the 2 long edges. Fold the short edge over the filling, then the bottom long edge. Carefully pick up the filling with the wrapping and fold it over to the side. Then fold the top edge over it. Now continue to fold over until you have a package about 4½ inches (11 cm) square. It sounds complex but it is very easy and obvious when you do it. Do the same with the rest of the filling and sheets of filo. Of course, you may improvise and wrap it your own way. Arrange all the parcels side by side on oiled trays or on greaseproof or wax paper. Brush the tops with the egg yolks mixed with a tablespoon of water and bake at 350°F (180°C) for about 30 minutes, or until crisp and brown. Serve hot. Variation: For a Fez-style version, omit the lemon juice and dust the pastries, as they come out of the oven, with 3–4 tablespoons confectioners” sugar, or to taste, and 1–2 tablespoons cinnamon.