To make the stuffing: blanch the vegetable leaves briefly in hot water, and immediately refresh under the cold tap. Drain well, squeeze out excess water; and then chop finely. Place about a quarter of the pork in a bowl and add 1 tablespoon of wine, 1 ½ teaspoons of salt, and several turns of the pepper mill. Mix well and set aside. Season the wok, then add the peanut oil and heat over a high flame. Add the remaining ground pork and stir-fry until it has separated out and is just cooked, splashing in 1 tablespoon wine and ½ teaspoon salt as you go. When the pork is done, add it to the raw pork with the peanut and sesame oils. Add the chopped leaves and mix everything together with a part of chopsticks. To make the dough: put the flour into a mixing bowl and make a well in the center: add just enough cold water to make a fairly stiff dough. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead vigorously for about 10 minutes, until it is smooth and elastic. Cover with a damp kitchen towel and let rest for 30 minutes. To make the wrappers: dust the wok surface with potato four or cornstarch. Break the dough into 3 or 4 pieces and roll each one into a sausage about 1 inch thick. Break or cut each sausage into 1-inch pieces. Flatten each piece with the palm of your hand and roll out into a circle about 2 ½ inches in diameter. Pile up the circles with a dusting of potato flour or cornstarch between each layer. Take a pile of about 10 circles and put it at the edge of the work surface. Use the handle of a wooden spoon to whack the edges of each pile, turning the pile so you can whack all the way round a couple of times. This process makes the outer part of each circle thinner than the center and gives the circle a slightly frilly appearance “like a lotus leaf.” When you have finished, the circles should be 3 ½ - 4 inches in diameter. (If you are using store-bought dumpling skins, you can whack them in the same manner to make them larger and their edges thinner.) To wrap the dumplings: place a dumpling wrapper in the palm of one hand. Place a generous teaspoon of filling in the center and use the fingers of the other hand to draw the edges up into a little bundle. Gently squeeze the neck of the bundle and then push its base onto the work surface so that it stands up straight. The filling should peep out of the top. (The Sichuanese are reminiscent of Chinese leaf cabbages.) Place as many dumplings as will fit comfortably into a lightly oiled steamer tray. To steam the dumplings: steam the dumplings over a high flame for 3 minutes ,then remove the lid and sprinkle them with a little cold water, taking care to wash away any remnants of the dusting flour. Replace the lid and steam for another 3 minutes. Serve piping hot.