About half an hour before you plan to start frying the churros, pour enough vegetable oil in a large, heavy pot to reach a depth of 3 inches and set it over low heat. The heavier the pot, the better it will retain the heat of the oil, and keep the frying temperature constant. An even temperature will ensure the pastries will absorb minimal oil and turn out light, crisp and delicate. Position the thermometer in the oil before you begin heating it. The best thermometers have a metal foot that rests on the bottom of the pot; if you are using one that clips onto the side of the pot, make sure the sensor is not touching the side or bottom, but is suspended about midway into the fat. Slowly bring the oil to 375°F, keeping a close eye on the temperature once it reaches 300°, to ensure it doesn’t go above the desired temperature. The oil should never begin to smoke, a sign that it is beginning to break down. Reduce the flame under the pot as the oil nears 375°, and when it reaches that point, wait about 5 minutes, to make sure the temperature has stabilized. Sift the flour and salt together into a small bowl and set it within arm’s reach of the stove. Combine the sugars in a clean, strong plastic bag and set aside. Line a large plate with several layers of paper towel and place this near the stove too. In a medium-sized saucepan, combine the water, butter, ground star anise and lemon zest and bring to a boil over high heat. As soon as it reaches the boil, take the pan off the heat and immediately dump in the flour mixture. Using a wooden spoon, and beating furiously, return the pot to the heat and cook until the mixture comes together in a ball and pulls away from the sides of the pan, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and let the mixture cool for a minute or two. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, beating very well after each addition, until the batter is quite smooth. Spoon the entire batter into a good-quality pastry bag fitted with a medium-sized star tip (about ½ inch in diameter). Check to make sure the oil is still at the desired temperature. Taking the pastry bag in one hand, and directing the nozzle with the other, pipe the batter directly into the hot oil in 5- to 6-inch lengths, cutting off the stream of dough with your finger. Don’t worry too much about the shape-I like little random squiggles and “S” shapes, but by the third or fourth try you’ll find your style! Pipe five or six churros per batch, one right after the other, being careful not to overcrowd the fryer. Fry for about 3 to 4 minutes, turning with a pair of tongs, or until the churros are golden brown on all sides. Remove the fritters from the oil with the tongs or a slotted spoon and place on the plate lined with paper towels. Allow the oil to recover its temperature, then continue frying until all the batter is used, ensuring the oil returns to 3750 between batches. While they are still warm, drop the churros a few at a time into the bag of sugar and shake to coat them generously. Serve (or eat!) immediately, as these do not improve with standing.