Defrost the filo dough at room temperature for 30 minutes without removing the plastic wrapper. Place a pie plate or shallow casserole dish in the oven and set to 375ยบ. Snap off the large stems as you wash the fresh spinach thoroughly in a colander with cold water, removing all the sand. Gently pat the spinach leaves very dry with a cotton dishcloth. Remove the heated pie plate to a heat safe surface such as a wooden cutting board and quickly add 1/2 T butter to the heated pie plate. When the butter melts, spread it evenly around the bottom, sides and over the lip of the plate with a pastry brush or paper towel. Place 4 sheets of filo dough in the pie plate. If the plate is round, cut overhanging edges off with a scissor, retaining an extra 1/2" all the way around so the crust does not shrink smaller than the plate. Retain any cut pieces. Prick the filo dough with a fork so it doesn't puff up while baking and return the plate to the oven. Allow it to bake for approximately 10 minutes. When the dough becomes very crisp, but not yet brown, remove it from the oven. Place the remaining 1/2 T of butter in a small ramekin or oven-safe cup to melt in the hot oven for the top of the pie. As the filo bakes, beat eggs in the bottom of a large bowl. Finely chop the parsley and mint. Use the parsley stems, but discard the mint stems. Add spinach to the pile, continue chopping so the spinach is in 1" pieces. Add the chopped ingredients to the bowl and crumble the feta into 1/2" pieces over it with your hands. Add the salt, pepper and 3/4 tablespoon of the sesame seeds. Lightly toss the ingredients until well mixed, being careful not to crush the spinach. Lightly place a mound of the spinach mixture into the pie plate or casserole dish, on top of the cooked filo dough. Nudge the mixture with a fork toward sidewalls of the baking dish. Place any reserved scraps of filo dough in an even layer on top of the spinach. Cover these with four un-separated sheets of filo dough. Trim the dough with scissors, leaving 3/4" of dough all the way around the dish. Carefully tuck the raw filo under the lip of the cooked under layer of filo for a neat and finished edge. Remove the melted butter from the oven and brush the top layer with it, especially around the edges. Sprinkle the poppy seeds and remaining sesame seeds on top of the buttered filo dough and return the pie dish to the oven. Bake for 35-45 minutes or until well browned. If the top crust is browning too quickly, place a sheet of aluminum foil across the top. Ovens vary, so check for doneness periodically, after 30 minutes baking time. Check out Marlon's video to see how she makes her Magnificent Spinach Pie.