Infuse and reduce the maple syrup: If you are using regular ginger with a thin woody brown skin, peel it. Slice the ginger into nickelsize coins. In a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat, combine the maple syrup and ginger and attach a candy thermometer to the side of the pan. Cook until the syrup reduces by half and registers 240°F on a candy thermometer. Gradually whisk in the cream until completely incorporated. Add the milk and bring the mixture to a simmer. Make the maple-ginger crème anglaise (see the Note on cooking a stirred custard and testing for doneness): In a mixing bowl, combine the egg yolks, eggs, and salt and briskly whisk for 1 minute. Using a ladle, slowly whisk some of the hot maple-ginger cream into the egg yolk mixture to warm it. Gradually pour the warmed egg mixture into the hot maple-ginger cream, whisking constantly as you pour. Cook the custard over medium heat, stirring continuously and scraping the bottom with a rubber spatula or wooden spoon until the custard thickens enough to coat the back of the spoon. Strain the custard through a finemesh strainer to remove the ginger. Chill the crème anglaise and churn it: Place the maple-ginger crème anglaise (ice cream base) in an ice bath to cool completely. Transfer to the refrigerator and chill a minimum of 2 hours and up to 2 days before churning it in an ice cream machine. Churn the crème anglaise in an ice cream maker according to the machine manufacturer’s instructions. The ice cream is finished once it has increased in volume and it holds the lines from the stirring mechanism and mounds like softly whipped cream. Transfer to the freezer for 4 hours to attain a scoopable consistency. Serving Suggestions: This ice cream flavor speaks for itself. A crunchy cookie is always a nice accompaniment. I recommend the Hazelnut Shortbread and the Gingersnaps. Variation: Maple-Star Anise, Maple Cinnamon, Maple Vanilla Ice Cream: Substitute 8 star anise, or 5 cinnamon sticks, or 1 good vanilla bean for the ginger.