Position a rack on the second-lowest level in the oven and preheat to 500°F. Have ready a large roasting pan with a roasting rack, preferably V-shaped, set in the pan. Place the onion, garlic, apples, thyme, and sage inside the chest cavity of the turkey. Truss the turkey. Using a pastry brush, brush the turkey with the butter, season the turkey with a few grinds of freshly ground pepper. Place the turkey, breast side down, on the roasting rack. Acid the stock end apple elder to the pan. Roast for 30 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350°F. Baste the turkey with the pan juices and roast for 30 minutes longer. Remove the turkey from the oven. Using silicone oven mitts, regular oven mitts covered with aluminum fall, or wads of paper towels, turn the turkey breast side up. (It won’t be very hot at this point.) Baste with the pan juices and return the turkey to the oven. Continue to roast, basting with the pan juices again after 45 minutes. At this point, check the internal temperature of the turkey by inserting an instant-read thermometer into the thickest part of the thigh without touching bone. (As a point of reference, when the internal temperature of the turkey reaches 125°F, the turkey is about 1 hour away from being done. Of course, roasting times will vary, depending on the size of the bird, its temperature when it went into the oven, whether or not It is stuffed, and your particular oven and the accuracy of the thermostat.) During the last 20 minutes of roasting, brush the turkey with the maple syrup. Return the turkey to the oven and continue to roast until the instant-read thermometer registers 160° to 165°F when inserted into the thickest part of the thigh without touching bone. When the turkey is done, tilt the body so the juices from the main cavity run into the pan. Transfer the turkey to a carving board or serving platter and cover loosely with aluminum foil, let the turkey rest for 30 to 40 minutes before carving, to allow the juices to redistribute. (The internal temperature will rise 5 to 10 degrees, while the turkey rests.) Carve the turkey (see Notes) and serve, accompanied by the Applejack Giblet Gravy.