Mayonnaise, being an emulsion, should be carefully handled. Drop the yolk in a bowl, add the seasonings and lemon juice, and whisk or beat vigorously with a fork, whisk, or rotary beater until the mixture is well blended. Now add oil, practically drop by drop, whisking or beating vigorously until the mixture begins to thicken and become emulsified. The remaining oil can be added more rapidly—by tablespoons—or in a steady stream if you are using a rotary or portable electric beater. If the dressing seems to be too thick, thin it with additional lemon juice or vinegar. Also, it will thicken slightly after it is made. Keep it in a cool place. If your mayonnaise should curdle, it is because you have added oil too fast and not beaten or whisked enough. Put another egg yolk in a fresh bowl, and after beating in a small amount of oil, start adding the curdled mayonnaise gradually, beating vigorously after each addition. The mayonnaise will thicken and become smooth. To make mayonnaise in an electric blender, place the egg yolk and seasonings in the blender jar, turn on and immediately off at “blend” or “low,” then turn on at “blend” again, and pour the oil in a steady stream. The mixture will thicken within a half minute and give you a cup of excellent mayonnaise. Use a rubber spatula to remove the dressing. Horseradish Mayonnaise. Blend 1 tablespoon horseradish (or to taste) into 1 cup mayonnaise. Mustard Mayonnaise. Add dry mustard or Dijon mustard to taste to the finished mayonnaise. About 2 tablespoons dry mustard or 1 tablespoon Dijon to 1 cup mayonnaise is right for my taste. Sour Cream Mayonnaise. Blend equal parts sour cream and mayonnaise. Used as a dressing, this gives a richer, creamier taste to certain salads. For an easy coleslaw dressing (I), add 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard per cup of the mixture, or to taste. Blend with shredded cabbage and let stand several hours before serving. For another easy coleslaw dressing (II), blend 1 cup sour cream, ½ cup mayonnaise, and ¼ cup sugar. This is unusual and quite good. Yoghurt Mayonnaise. Yoghurt may be substituted for sour cream in the recipe above—a combination which seems to have gained favor in the last two or three years. Thousand Island Dressing Horseradish Mayonnaise. Blend 1 tablespoon horseradish (or to taste) into 1 cup mayonnaise. Mustard Mayonnaise. Add dry mustard or Dijon mustard to taste to the finished mayonnaise. About 2 tablespoons dry mustard or 1 tablespoon Dijon to 1 cup mayonnaise is right for my taste. Sour Cream Mayonnaise. Blend equal parts sour cream and mayonnaise. Used as a dressing, this gives a richer, creamier taste to certain salads. For an easy coleslaw dressing (I), add 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard per cup of the mixture, or to taste. Blend with shredded cabbage and let stand several hours before serving. For another easy coleslaw dressing (II), blend 1 cup sour cream, ½ cup mayonnaise, and ¼ cup sugar. This is unusual and quite good. Yoghurt Mayonnaise. Yoghurt may be substituted for sour cream in the recipe above—a combination which seems to have gained favor in the last two or three years. Thousand Island Dressing