In a large bowl, dissolve the yeast in the warm water, then stir in the whole wheat flour and 1 cup of the all purpose flour. Stir well to make a smooth batter, then cover and let stand for at least 10 minutes, or as long as 3 hours. Stir the salt and then the olive oil into the batter. Add the remaining flour gradually, stirring and folding it in until the dough becomes too stiff to stir. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 6 to 8 minutes, until smooth and elastic. Place in a lightly oiled bowl, cover, and let rise until at least doubled in bulk, 1½ to 2 hours. Meanwhile, prepare the filling: If using a chunk of lamb, place it on a secure cutting surface and, with a sharp cleaver, chop finely and repeatedly to the texture of ground meat (this will take 3 to 5 minutes); set aside. Place the tamarind pulp in a small bowl, add the hot water, and use your fingers to dissolve the tamarind in the water. Once it has softened, press the mixture through a sieve placed over a bowl. Discard the pulp and set the tamarind liquid aside. Heat a large heavy skillet over high heat, then lower the heat to medium and add the oil or lamb fat. Tilt the skillet (or use a spatula) to spread the oil or melted fat. When the skillet is well oiled, add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and starting to turn golden. Add the lamb, stirring well to break up lumps. Stir in the tamarind liquid and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 5 minutes. Stir in the salt, cinnamon, and pepper and cook for another minute. Drain off any excess liquid and set the filling aside to cool to room temperature. (The filling can be prepared a day ahead and refrigerated, covered.) Lightly oil one or two 9- or 10-inch cast-iron or other heavy ovenproof skillets or griddles. Place a rack 4 to 6 inches below the broiler element and turn on the broiler. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Cut it into 10 equal pieces. Shape each into a ball. Work with I dough ball at a time, leaving the remaining balls covered to prevent drying. On a lightly floured surface, flatten a dough ball with the lightly floured palm of your hand, then roll it out to a thin round 8 to 9 inches in diameter. Place an oiled skillet over medium heat and heat until hot. Place the bread in the skillet and cook for about 3½ minutes, until the bottom is firm; the top will be soft and uncooked. (Note: If the skillet is too hot, the breads will be stiff and crisp, fine to eat but a little difficult to roll up; lower the heat slightly if necessary.) Brush the top surface lightly with olive oil, then spread a generous tablespoon of the filling over the bread. Sprinkle on about 10 pine nuts, and place the skillet under the preheated broiler. Cook for about 2½ minutes, until starting to turn golden on top. Remove from the broiler. Lift the bread out of the pan and place 3 or 4 mint leaves or a whole sprig on top, if using, then roll up the bread. Wrap in a paper towel and serve hot and fresh. Repeat with the remaining breads. As you get more comfortable with the process, you will find it easy (and quicker) to work with two skillets, rolling out a second bread once the first has started to cook.