METHOD In a large bowl, combine the sweetened condensed milk, milk, peppermint extract, food coloring (if desired), lemon juice, and salt. In a separate bowl, whip the heavy cream until it reaches soft peak. Fold in the mint mixture and the chocolate, then transfer to a shallow freezable container. Cover with plastic wrap or waxed paper pressed directly on the surface of the ice cream, and place in the freezer for 6 hours. Scoop and serve with chocolate sauce, or a drizzle of your best bourbon. MINT I am a firm believer in mint. There are multiple varieties with distinct differences. Spearmint is the most commonly available fresh mint, but it is not the most delicious. I prefer fresh peppermint, when I can get my hands on it. If not, I stick to peppermint extract or oil, which is easier to obtain and use, hence its inclusion in the following recipe. For those interested, fresh mint ice cream is a cinch. Wash and stem 1 cup of fresh mint leaves. Chop them finely, combine them with milk, and warm in the microwave for 30 to 60 seconds. Set aside at room temperature to steep and cool completely. Drain out leaves, and use the infused milk in the recipe as directed. When using real mint, I prefer to opt out of the food coloring. Au naturel, baby! CANDY CANE: Replace the mint extract with vanilla, omit the food coloring, and fold in 1 cup of crushed candy canes along with the chocolate. CHOCOLATE-RASPBERRY-MINT: This is a luscious trifecta of deliciousness. Toss 1 cup of raspberries in 1 tablespoon of granulated sugar and the finely grated zest of 1 lemon. Set it aside for 1 hour or more to macerate. The raspberries will intensify in flavor and exude some water. Omit the food coloring from the master recipe, then give the berries a rough smash before folding them into the base before the cream goes in. ORANGE-PEPPERMINT, In ye olden days, thick porous peppermint sticks were sold with oranges, into which they were inserted to suck out the juice. Revisit this flavor memory by adding the finely grated zest of 2 oranges to the recipe above. Definitely omit the food coloring, as the zest will give the base a lovely orange hue. This flavor pair works well with or without the chocolate chips, and with fresh chopped spearmint in place of the candies.