Clean the fish (or have it cleaned), cutting off the heads of the larger ones (reserve the heads! ) but keeping the smaller ones intact. If your assortment includes octopus, squid, and/ or cuttlefish, cut them into bite-sized pieces. Season all the seafood with salt and pepper. Finely chop the onion, celery, carrot, and parsley. Set aside. In a small bowl, smash 1½ cloves of garlic and the hot peppers with the back of a spoon, and set aside. Heat a frying pan to medium- high, then add ½ cup of oil. Sauté the finely chopped onion, celery, carrot, and parsley until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and hot pepper mixture and one whole bay leaf. Sauté for another minute. Toss in the fish heads and cook until the mixture is lightly browned, about 5 minutes (Italians call this stage imbiondito, or blond). Pour in the wine, and cook slowly until the alcohol has evaporated. Then add the tomatoes, cover, and simmer for 30 minutes. Remove the garlic and bay leaf. Strain through a mesh sieve, and set the sauce aside. Put the remaining ½ cup of oil in a large casserole and, if your selection includes octopus, squid, and/or cuttlefish, add them to the pot. Pour in the reserved sauce, add 2 cups of water, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes. While the fish is simmering, preheat the oven to 350F. Rub the bread slices with the smashed garlic clove. Arrange the rounds on a baking sheet and toast them until brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip over the slices and cook for another minute. Turn off the oven, leaving the rounds inside the oven to keep warm. Add the sturdier fish (e.g., monkfish, eel) to the casserole dish, and after 5 minutes add the more delicate fish (such as red snapper). Simmer for an additional 10 minutes. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if necessary. Serve the cacciucco in bowls over the toasted garlic bread rounds. Enjoy with a bottle of Candia dei Colli Apuani. Though it was not from his vineyards, Minuccio and my father liked this local white wine grown in the hills between Tuscany and Liguria to the north. Blended from Vermentino, Trebbiano, and Albarola, Candia is a refreshing, unpretentious white that complements the delicate seafood.