For the Beef: Marinate the sliced rib eye in soy sauce, sesame oil, sugar, and garlic for at least 30 minutes. Stir-fry the meat until thoroughly cooked, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the black pepper, if you like. Set aside. For the Spinach: Blanch the spinach by quickly dunking the leaves in boiling water. Rinse immediately in cold water to stop cooking. In a skillet, heat the vegetable oil. Add the garlic and stir-fry for about 1 to 2 minutes. Add spinach. Remove from heat, add salt, and toss. Set aside. For the Mushrooms: 1 If using dried mushrooms, soak them in water for about 1 hour before slicing. 2 In a skillet, heat the vegetable oil. Add the garlic and mushrooms and stir-fry for about 2 to 3 minutes. Add salt and toss. Set aside. For the Soybean Sprouts: In a medium-sized pot, bring about ½ cup of water to a boil. Add the soybean sprouts and cover. Only some of the spouts will be covered in water. The steam will cook the rest. Reduce the heat and simmer for about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. In a skillet, heat the vegetable oil. Add the garlic and stir-fry for about 1 to 2 minutes. Add sprouts. Remove from heat, add salt, and toss. Set aside. For the Zucchini: In a skillet, heat the vegetable oil. Add the garlic and stir-fry for about 1 to 2 minutes. Add Korean zucchinis and stir-fry for another 2 to 3 minutes until the zucchinis are slightly limp. Remove from heat, add salt, and toss. Set aside. For the Fern Bracken: In a skillet, heat the vegetable oil. Add the garlic and stir-fry for about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the fern bracken and stir-fry for another 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat, add salt, and toss. Set aside. For the Carrots: In a skillet, heat the vegetable oil. Add carrots and stir-fry for about 2 to 3 minutes (until carrots soften but do not lose their color). Add salt and toss. Set aside. ASSEMBLY AND PRESENTATION Place 1 cup of rice in each of five separate bowls. Arrange the vegetables and meat on top of the rice in a circle by color. Make sure there are no similar-colored vegetables next to each other. Place a fried egg in each bowl. Garnish each bowl with a sprig of crown daisy. Serve immediately with Seasoned Chili Paste, if you like it spicy, or with sesame oil and soy sauce.