Preheat the oven to 325°P and position a rack in the center. Have ready a large, flat-bottomed roasting pan that can comfortably hold six 4- to 5-ounce ramekins with an inch of space in between them. Place the heavy cream, milk, ¼ cup sugar, cinnamon sticks, chopped espresso beans, and cocoa powder in a medium saucepan and whisk briefly to combine. Place the saucepan over medium heat and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring occasionally. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the mixture to steep for 30 minutes. In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, egg, salt, and ¼ cup sugar. Remove the cinnamon sticks from the saucepan, then slowly pour the warm milk mixture into the egg mixture, whisking constantly. Return the mixture to the pan and whisk thoroughly. Strain the custard through a chinois or fine-meshed sieve to strain out the espresso beans. Set aside the custard to cool while you caramelize the ramekins. Have ready a bowl of ice water. Prepare the caramel for the ramekins by placing the remaining 2 cups sugar and ½ cup water in a heavy medium saucepan, stirring to moisten the sugar completely; the mixture should resemble wet sand. Place the pan over high heat and bring the mixture to a boil. Continue to cook until it turns light golden. Remove the pan from the heat. The caramel will continue to deepen in color after it has been removed from the heat. When it has turned a deep amber, after about 6 minutes, carefully pour about ¼ cup (see Notes) into each of the ramekins, one at a time. Quickly swirl the caramel halfway up the sides of the ramekin in a circular motion. If you have poured too much caramel into a ramekin, pour it back into the pan. (If you happen to burn your fingers or hand on the caramel, immediately plunge them into the bowl of ice water.) Allow the caramel to cool in the ramekins for about 10 minutes. Arrange the ramekins in the roasting pan. Sprinkle 2 heaping tablespoons of amaretti crumbs on the bottom of each ramekin. Pour the custard into the ramekins until it reaches about 1/8 inch from the top. Create a bain-marie, or water bath, by adding enough hot water to the roasting pan to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Cover the roasting pan with aluminum foil, tenting it slightly so it does not touch the top of the ramekins. Carefully place the roasting pan on the oven rack and bake the custards for 35 minutes, then rotate the pan 180° to ensure even baking. Bake them for another 15 minutes and then check them for doneness. The custards are ready when the centers are no longer liquid but jiggly like gelatin. Depending on your oven, they will bake for a total of 1 hour, give or take 10 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven, remove the foil, and allow the custards to cool in the water bath until you can safely pick up the ramekins, then allow them to cool to room temperature. Chill the custards thoroughly for at least 4 hours before serving. To unmold, run the tip of a sharp knife around the edge of each ramekin. Turn it over and shake it until you feel the custard begin to loosen, then turn it onto a serving plate, allowing the caramel to pool around each bônet. Serve with softly whipped cream.