To make the Filling: 1.?In a large skillet over medium heat, warm the oil. Add the onion and sauté for 7 minutes, until almost translucent. 2.?Add the mushrooms, walnuts, and soy sauce to the skillet. Stir and sauté for 5 to 7 minutes, until the onion is translucent and the mushrooms begin to cook down. 3.?Add the tomatoes, beans, cinnamon sticks, garlic, salt, and black pepper to the skillet, stir, and cook for 10 minutes. 4.?Add the fresh parsley and ground cinnamon to the skillet. Stir. Remove from the heat, cover, and set aside. To make the Sauce: 1.?In a large skillet over medium heat, warm the oil. Once the oil is hot, whisk in the flour. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until you can smell the flour cooking. 2.?Slowly add the almond milk and nutritional yeast to the skillet, stirring constantly to prevent lumps. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook for 10 minutes, until the sauce reaches a thick, gravy-like consistency. 3.?Add the salt, nutmeg, and black pepper to the skillet. Stir well. Remove from the heat, cover, and set aside. To make the Eggplant Layers: 1.?In a large mixing bowl, place the eggplant slices. Cover with water. Add the salt and soak for 30 minutes. 2.?Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. 3.?Drain and rinse the eggplant slices. Place them on a plate lined with paper towels and pat dry. 4.?In a medium shallow bowl, place the almond milk. In another medium shallow bowl, mix together the flour, cornmeal, oregano, and black pepper. 5.?Dip each eggplant slice in the almond milk, and then in the flour mixture. Place the slices on the prepared baking sheet. 6.?Bake for 35 minutes, until golden brown, flipping halfway through the baking time and brushing well with the oil to help them brown. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool slightly. 7.?When they are cool enough to handle, place 1/2 of the eggplant slices in the bottom of a 9 × 13-inch (22.5 × 32.5-cm) glass baking dish. 8.?Remove the cinnamon sticks from the Filling and spread the Filling evenly over the first eggplant layer. Top with the remaining eggplant slices and pour the Sauce over the top. 9.?Sprinkle the top of casserole lightly with the nutritional yeast and bake for 30 to 45 minutes, until bubbly. Remove from the oven. Let stand 5 minutes. Serve.