Place the water (it should be about 110°F/43°C in order to activate the yeast) in a small mixing bowl or measuring cup. Sprinkle the yeast on top and set it aside for at least 15 minutes while you prep the remaining ingredients. Make sure it’s not too hot) as temperatures above 110°F / 143°C can kill the yeast. Sift 4 cups / 500 g of the flour into a large mixing bowl. Add the salt, baking powder, and kalonji and mix well. In a separate large mixing bowl, whisk together the egg, ghee, and yogurt. If your ghee is solid, you can warm it a bit in the microwave or on the stovetop to soften it. Add the wet mixture from Step 3 to the bowl containing the flour mixture from Step 2. Stir well, until the ingredients come together and the mixture is slightly crumbly. Stir the yeast mixture from Step 1 until smooth and add it to the dough mixture in the large mixing bowl. Stir well until fully combined. Using your hands, knead the dough thoroughly until a smooth ball forms and the dough resembles and feels like pizza dough. If you need to add a little more water, do so at no more than 1 tablespoon at a time. Lightly grease a large mixing bowl with the oil. Place the dough in the bowl, cover with a damp dish towel or paper towel, and set aside in a warm, dry place for 4 hours to allow the dough to rise. If you live in a cold climate, heat the oven to 200°F/90°C fir 10 minutes. Turn off the oven, wait 10 minutes, and then place the covered bowl in the oven for the 4-hour rising period. The residual warmth of the oven will trigger the yeast, allowing the dough to rise. Set the oven rack at the highest position and place a large ovensafe container filled with water on the bottom rack. The water will prevent the naan from drying out as it cooks. Place a pizza stone on the top rack of the oven and preheat the oven to 500°F / 260°C. Remember, the pizza stone must go in the oven before you turn it on. If you put it in after the oven is hot, it may crack. If you don’t have a pizza stone, use a greased baking sheet instead. Place the remaining ½ cup / 63 g of flour on a plate. Remove the dough from the bowl and punch it down, deflating the dough. Divide the dough into 10 equal-sized balls about 2½ inches / 6 cm in diameter. Start with 1 of the dough balls. Press the ball between your palms until it is slightly battened. Place it on a dry, lightly floured work surface. If it is too sticky to work with easily, roll the ball lightly on the plate containing the remaining flour. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough into a thin oval roughly 7 inches / 18 cm wide by 4 inches / 10 cm tall. Repeat until you have prepared all the dough ovals. . Place 3 of the dough ovals on the pizza stone and bake for 7 minutes on 1 side. Turn them over and cook for 5 minutes on the other side. Remove from the pizza stone and set aside on a warm serving platter tented with foil. . Repeat Step 10 until all the remaining dough ovals have been baked. Remove from the oven. . Lightly butter (see Notes) each of the pieces of naan and serve hot or store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week or in the freezer for up to 3 months.