If you haven’t already, prepare the pastry and refrigerate it until firm enough to roll, about 1 hour. On a sheet of lightly floured waxed paper, roll the pastry into a 13½-inch circle with a floured rolling pin. Invert the pastry over a 9- inch deep-dish pie pan. Center it, then peel off the paper. Gently tuck the pastry into the pan, without stretching it, and sculpt the overhang into an upstanding ridge, Place the pie shell in the freezer for at least 30 minutes. To make the filling, combine the apples–you’ll need an extra-large mixing bowl for this, or you can use a stockpot if you don’t have a large enough bowl-granulated sugar, and lemon juice. Set aside for 10 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Shake the flour over the apples and toss well to mix. Stir in the ginger preserves. Put the frozen pie shell on a large, dark baking sheet covered with aluminum foil. Transfer the apple filling and all the juices to the shell. I find it easiest just to lift them in with my hands, smooth the top, and pour on the juices. Put the pie on the baking sheet on one of the lower oven racks-you’ll need the headspace-sand bake for 45 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees and bake for another 15 minutes. During those last 15 minutes, make the topping. Put the flour, oats, brown Sugar, walnuts, and salt in a food processor and pulse 6 or 7 times to chop the nuts well. Remove the lid and scatter the butter pieces over the dry mixture. Pulse the machine repeatedly, until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Dump the mixture into a large mixing bowl and gently rub it between your fingers to make large, buttery crumbs. Refrigerate. When the 15 minutes have elapsed, remove the pie from the oven. Carefully dump the crumbs in the center of the pie, spreading them evenly over the surface with your hands. Tamp them down gently. Put the pie on the baking sheet back in the oven and bake for an additional 45 minutes. Loosely cover the pie with tented aluminum foil during the last 15 to 20 minutes if the topping starts to get too brown. Near the end of the baking, check the apples with a skewer, if you have one, to see if the apples are tender. Transfer the pie to a cooling rack and let cool for at least 2 hours before slicing.