Preheat the oven to 350°F. Spray cookie sheets with oil and line with aluminum foil, parchment, or silicone pads, or use nonstick pans. Prepare the dry ingredients: In a dry bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. Cream the butter and incorporate the eggs (see the Notes on creaming butter and room-temperature eggs): Place the butter in the bowl of the stand mixer with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed for 1 minute. Add the sugar, and beat on medium-high speed until the mixture becomes fluffy and lighter in color, approximately 5 minutes. Add the dark brown sugar and continue creaming for 3 to 4 minutes, stopping the mixer occasionally to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Turn the mixer down to slow speed. Add the eggs and egg white, one at a time, and continue to beat until they are fully incorporated and the batter looks smooth and glossy, 1 to 2 minutes. Finish the dough: Add the dry mixture, all at once, to the butter mixture. Using a rubber spatula, fold together for a few turns. With the mixer on slow speed, mix the dough until thoroughly combined, 1 minute. Add the chopped milk chocolate and the golden raisins. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula and mix for another 30 seconds. The dough can be made up to this point and refrigerated, well wrapped, for up to 3 days. Shape the cookies: Using 2 teaspoons, scoop the dough into mounds and place 2 inches apart on your prepared cookie sheets. Flatten each mound with the back of a spoon or two fingertips. Bake the cookies: Bake the cookies until they spread, rise, and turn a light golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. For even browning, rotate your cookie sheets from front to back and between each of the baking racks at least once while the cookies are baking. Remove from the oven and let coolon the sheets. Once cooled they will be crispy on the outside and chewy, moist, and buttery in the middle. If you continue to bake the cookies they will color more and your result will be a crunchy, caramelized, and intensely flavorful cookie. Serving Suggestions: These cookies are delicious all on their own. Variation: Dried Cherry or Dried Pear and Chocolate Chip Oatmeal Cookies: Substitute dried cherries or diced dried pears for the raisins and dark chocolate for the milk chocolate.