Preheat oven to 350° F (180° C) Bake chicken drumsticks to almost-but-not-quite done, about 30 minutes. Set aside. Meanwhile, slice chorizo in ¼-inch (5 mm) rings and cut rings in half to get half-moon pieces. In a frying pan, heat 1 tsp (5 mL) of the olive oil over high heat; add chorizo and cook, stirring often, for 3 minutes or until cooked but before it chars. With a slotted spoon, remove chorizo; set aside. Discard rendered chorizo fat. In a deep nonstick saucepan, heat remaining olive oil over high heat for 1 minute. Add onions, green and red pepper; cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-high; cook, stirring often, about 8 minutes or until softened, golden, reduced in volume and just beginning to char. Add garlic and sauté 1 minute. Reduce heat to low. Add rice and saffron; cook, stirring, until well coated with oil. Stir in peas and chorizo. Now begins the addition of the liquid and a cooking process of about 40 minutes. It is important to let each addition be absorbed before adding the next, and to keep playing with the heat, so that there is constant bubbling (keep your stock boiling as you use it). Start by stirring in 2 cups (500 mL) of the chicken stock. Raise heat to medium-high. Cook, stirring, for 5 to 6 minutes; as the liquid is absorbed, add wine and clam juice. Cook, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes or until absorbed. Add ½ cup (125 mL) of stock and the squid. Cook, stirring, 2 minutes or until absorbed. Add another ½ cup (125 mL) stock, the clams and chicken drumsticks. Cook, stirring, 2 to 4 minutes or until absorbed. Stir in tomato. Add stock in increments of ½ cup (125 mL) and keep cooking and stirring to absorb each addition for 2 to 4 minutes before adding the next. Test your rice before adding the final half cups of stock. It should be soft but still separate, and the paella should be glistening, a little saucy and beginning to catch a touch on the bottom of the pan. Ideally you will have ½ cup (125 mL) of stock left over. Reduce heat to medium-low. Sprinkle evenly with lemon juice; mix in. Stir in shrimp and place artichoke hearts on top of the rice. Cook undisturbed for 1 minute. Take off heat and cover loosely. Let rest for 15 minutes to develop flavor and absorb liquids. Present paella in its cooking pot and let people serve themselves. Pass lemon wedges, salt and pepper for individual seasoning. Accompany with crusty bread and a green salad.