To Make the Meatballs: Line a large baking sheet or platter with waxed paper. In a small bowl, combine the bread crumbs and milk and let sit for 5 minutes. Squeeze out any excess milk and discard. Put all of the meats in a medium bowl and add the moistened bread crumbs, egg, garlic, cheeses, parsley, salt, and several grindings of pepper. Mix everything together with your hands or a wooden spoon. Dampen your hands with cold water, pinch off a small piece (about 2 teaspoons) of the meatball mixture, and roll it into a ball. Place it on the prepared baking sheet. Continue to form the meatballs until you have used all the mixture. Keep your hands moistened with cold water to prevent the mixture from sticking to them. You should end up with about 45 meatballs. Pour enough vegetable oil into a large skillet or sauté pan to reach a ¼-inch depth. Place the skillet over medium-high heat and heat it to 375°F. To test, pinch off a tiny piece of meatball mixture and drop it into the hot oil. It should sizzle upon hitting the oil. Carefully lower 8 to 10 meatballs into the oil, taking care not to crowd the skillet. Fry them for about 2 minutes, until golden brown on the bottom. Gently roll them over with a fork and fry for another 2 minutes. Use a large slotted spoon or a skimmer to remove the meatballs to a paper-towel-lined platter or a large brown paper bag placed near the stove. Continue to fry the meatballs until you have fried them all. To assemble and bake the Timballo: Heat the oven to 375°F. Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta until it is very al dente; that is, slightly underdone. Drain the pasta in a colander placed in the sink and transfer the pasta to a large bowl. Toss the pasta with 1 quart (4 cups) of the ragù, This may seem like a lot of sauce, but the pasta and other ingredients will absorb it while the timballo bakes. Add the reserved meatballs, the hard-boiled eggs, and the cheeses. Fold everything together. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide the pastry dough into two pieces, one slightly larger than the other. Rewrap the smaller piece and set aside. On a lightly floured work surface, roll the larger piece into a disk large enough to cover the bottom and sides of a 10-by-3-inch round springform pan with some overhang. Trim the overhang to about ¾ inch. The dough should be about 1/8 inch thick. Place your rolling pin on the edge of the dough closest to you and gently wrap the dough around the rolling pin. Lift the dough over the pan and carefully unroll it, gently pressing it into the pan. Spoon half of the pasta filling into the pastry-lined pan. Spread 1 cup of the remaining ragù over the filling. Spoon the remaining filling on top of the sauce, pressing down gently to pack in the filling. Top with the remaining cup of sauce. Roll the smaller portion of the pastry dough into a disk large enough to cover the top of the timballo with a little overhang. Place your rolling pin on the edge of the dough closest to you and gently wrap the dough around the rolling pin. Lift the dough over the pan and carefully unroll it to cover the filling. Gently press the overhanging edges of the top and bottom crusts together. Use a little water to moisten the dough to help seal it if necessary. Using your fingers, roll the crust in toward the pan to create a rolled seam. Continue to roll along the circumference of the pan until you have fully sealed the crust. Brush the top of the torte with the egg wash. With a sharp paring knife, cut three 2-inch slits across the top of the timballo. Bake the timballo for 45 to 50 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown. Remove the timballo from the oven and let it cool on a rack for 10 minutes. Remove the springform ring from around the timballo. Slide an angled metal spatula between the bottom of the timballo and the bottom of the cake pan to loosen it. Gently slide the timballo onto a large serving platter and bring it to the table. Use a large serrated knife to cut the timballo into wedges.