Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta. Remove the peas from the freezer to thaw. Finely chop the onion. Core, seed, and cut the pepper into thin strips. Stem, rinse, and thinly slice the mushrooms (reserve the stems for soup). Peel and slice the carrots ¼ inch thick. Snap off the tough ends of the asparagus stems (about 1 inch from the bottom) and cut the spears into ½-inch lengths. Cut the tomatoes into quarters, remove the seeds with a spoon, and dice. Rinse and mince the basil. Add the pasta to the boiling water, then begin the sauce. Heat the olive oil in a large pot or skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and bell pepper and sauté for 1 minute to release their aroma. Cover the pan, reduce the heat, and simmer until tender, 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and broth to the pot; cover and simmer for another 5 minutes. Add the carrots and asparagus to the pot; cover and simmer until the vegetables are just tender, about 5 minutes more. Add the peas and simmer 1 minute to heat them through. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Meanwhile drain the pasta the moment it is cooked but still firm to the bite. Return the drained pasta to the cooking pot and leave it, off heat, until the sauce is done. You can finish and serve the dish two ways: Serve a portion of pasta to each person, then ladle the sautéed vegetables and tomatoes on each portion. Sprinkle with basil, and serve. The advantage here is that leftovers of either pasta or vegetables can be put to better use when kept separate than when combined. Or, mix the vegetables, tomatoes, and basil into the pasta right in the pot and toss well off heat. Season to taste with salt and pepper and ladle into deep plates. Either way, serve grated Parmesan and/or ricotta on the side if you wish. Variations • With cauliflower or broccoli: Omit the asparagus, tomatoes, and basil. Mince 1 clove garlic and separate 1 head cauliflower or 1 bunch broccoli into florets. Sauté the garlic a few seconds before you add the mushrooms. Increase the chicken broth to 1 cup. Add the cauliflower or broccoli with the carrots. • With com: Substitute 1 package (10 ounces) frozen corn kernels for the peas. Increase the mushrooms to 1 pound. Substitute fresh mint for the basil. Mince 1 clove garlic and sauté it a few seconds before you add the mushrooms. Add the corn with the carrots. • With squash and green beans: Omit the peas and asparagus. Substitute mint for the parsley. Cut ½ pound fresh green beans into 1-inch lengths. Finely dice 2 yellow squash. Add the green beans and squash with the carrots.