In a liquid measuring cup, dissolve the yeast in the warm water. Let the mixture sit for about 10 minutes, until it becomes foamy. In a small bowl, mix together the ¾ cup water, olive oil, honey, and salt. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade, or in the large bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, place the flour. Slowly add the honey mixture and process or mix just until the flour is coated with the liquid, about 10 seconds in the food processor. Add the yeast mixture and pulse until the mixture forms a ball, 8 to 12 seconds. You may need to add a very small amount of flour if the mixture is sticky. If you are using a food processor, remove the dough and place it on a lightly floured board. Knead for about 5 minutes, or until the dough is smooth. If you are using a stand mixer, continue mixing the dough on low speed for about 5 minutes, or until the dough is smooth and slightly elastic. Place the dough in a large oiled bowl, cover with a thin towel, and let it rest for 1 hour. The dough will rise, but it probably will not double in bulk. This is okay. Divide the dough in half and place it on a baking sheet. Cover it with plastic wrap and then with a thin towel and place in the refrigerator until ready to use. (You can do this up to 24 hours in advance. To make the pizza, take the dough out of the refrigerator and let it rest at room temperature for 10 minutes.) Or, if you are using it right away, divide the dough, form each piece into a ball, and let it rest for about 15 minutes. Proceed according to the individual recipe. PREPARING THE DOUGH Remove the dough from the refrigerator and let it rest at room temperature for 10 minutes. On a lightly floured surface, slightly flatten the dough. Start stretching the dough by holding the side closest to you with one hand while gently pulling on the edge opposite you. Turn the dough a quarter-turn and repeat the process. You should be able to stretch it into an 8- or 9-inch circle. Now lift the dough and drape it over your knuckles. Gently stretch the dough from underneath with your knuckles, being careful not to break through. If you keep your knuckles under the thickest part of the dough, it shouldn’t break. When you’re done, the dough should measure 14 inches in diameter. The edges will be slightly thicker than the center, which should be almost translucent. Place the dough on the pizza pan, peel, or baking sheet.