Put the potato slices in a bowl with cold water to cover. Fill another bowl with cold water and add the juice of the lemon. To prepare the artichokes, pull off and discard the tough green outer leaves until you reach the pale, tender leaves. Remove each artichoke stem and trim the base to remove all trace of green, then cut off the top ½ inch (12 millimeters) of the artichoke. Rub the artichoke all over with the lemon half. Cut each artichoke in half and slice lengthwise ¼ inch (6 millimeters) thick. Immediately put the sliced artichokes in the lemon water to prevent browning. Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a 10-inch (25-centimeter) skillet over moderate heat. Drain the artichokes and add them to the skillet along with ½ cup (125 milliliters) water and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the water has evaporated and the artichokes are tender, about 10 minutes. Season the artichokes with salt and pepper. Preheat the oven to 400°F (200°C). In a bowl, combine the breadcrumbs, cheese, parsley, and garlic. Mix well. Lightly oil the bottom and sides of a 9- by 13-inch (23- by 33-centimeter) baking dish. Without draining the potatoes, use your hands to lift out about one-third of the slices and arrange them in the bottom of the baking dish, overlapping them slightly. (The water clinging to them will generate steam as they bake.) Season with ½ teaspoon salt and several grinds of pepper. Sprinkle the potatoes evenly with ¼ cup of the breadcrumb mixture. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil. Top the potatoes and crumbs with one-half of the artichokes, spreading them evenly. Sprinkle the artichokes with ¼ cup of the breadcrumb mixture and 1 tablespoon oil. Repeat this layering process once more, ending with a top layer of potatoes, salt, and pepper, the remaining breadcrumb mixture, and a final drizzle of 2 tablespoons oil. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and continue baking until the potatoes are fully cooked and the top is golden brown, about 20 minutes longer. If necessary, broil the surface briefly to brown it. Let rest for at least 10 minutes before serving. The tortiera is as good warm as it is hot.