Make the dough: Place the potatoes in a small pot, pour in enough water to cover them, and bring to a boil over high heat. Cover, reduce the heat to medium, and simmer until fork-tender, about 30 minutes. Drain and place the potatoes on a folded kitchen towel. When they’re cool enough to handle, peel off their skins, break them into chunks, then press them through the ricer into a large bowl. Add 1 cup of the flour to the riced potato, keeping the remaining ¼ cup handy, then add the salt and toss until mixed evenly. Work the dough with your hands into one manageable ball. Place the dough on a floured surface and knead for 2 to 3 minutes. This dough needs to be firm enough to hold its shape when rolled into balls. If it is too soft or sticky, work in some of the remaining flour, a little at a time. Make the dumplings: Line a tray with a kitchen towel and sprinkle with a little flour. Divide the dough into 8 equal pieces. Roll one piece of dough into a rope about ½ inch thick, sprinkling with flour if it gets a little sticky. Cut the rope into ¾-inch lengths. If you don’t want ridges on your gnocchi, place the cut dough pieces in a single layer on the prepared tray. If you do want ridges, roll each piece along the gnocchi board or along the tines of a fork. Roll the piece along the back of the fork to avoid catching it on the ends of the tines. Repeat with the remaining dough. Set aside the number of gnocchi that you would like to cook and keep the rest frozen for up to 6 months. Cook the dumplings: Fill a large pot halfway with salted water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium for a steady simmer. Carefully drop up to a few dozen gnocchi into the simmering water, a few at a time. Cook until all of them are floating, about 2 minutes, then cook for 2 minutes longer. (If cooking frozen gnocchi, add them directly to the simmering water and increase the cooking time by 1 minute. Do not allow the gnocchi to thaw before cooking.) . Remove the gnocchi with a slotted spoon, scatter them on the large plate or tray, and drizzle with a few spoonfuls of the cooking liquid to prevent sticking. Resting the cooked gnocchi on a roomy plate prevents them from piling up while they set and firm up a bit. Cook the remaining gnocchi in batches, placing them on the plate with another few spoonfuls of the cooking liquid. Set aside ½ cup of the cooking liquid for the sauce. . Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook until the butter just begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Drain the gnocchi and add them to the butter. Toss and stir gently until the edges just begin to brown. Remove from the heat, mix in the Parmesan, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and serve. Variation: Potato Gnocchi with Oxtail Sauce. While the sauce is simmering, prepare the gnocchi and cook them in boiling water shortly before they need to be added to the sauce. Or you can make the sauce up to 3 days in advance, keeping it refrigerated in a tightly sealed container. Bring the sauce to a simmer before adding the cooked gnocchi.