The day before you plan to serve the cheesecake: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Generously butter the bottom and side of a 9-inch spring form pan. Wrap the outside with aluminum foil, covering the bottom and extending all of the way up the side. Shape the graham cracker crust, pressing the mixture into the bottom and three- fourths of the way up the side. Freeze for 15 minutes, then bake for 8 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack. Keep the oven on. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment if your mixer has one, beat 1 package of the cream cheese, 1/3 cup of the granulated sugar, and the cornstarch together on low until creamy, about 3 minutes, scraping the bowl down several times. Blend in the remaining cream cheese, one package at a time, beating well and scraping down the bowl after each. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat in the remaining 1 cup granulated sugar, the brown sugar, vanilla, and pumpkin pie spice. Blend in the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each. Blend in the pumpkin, then the cream, just until completely mixed. Be careful not to overmix! Gently spoon the pumpkin batter into the crust. Place the cake pan in a large pan containing hot water that comes halfway (about 1 inch) up the side of the spring form. Bake until the edge is light golden brown and the top is light beige-golden orange, about 1¼ hours. Remove the cheesecake from the water bath, transfer to a wire rack, and let cool for 2 hours (just walk away—don’t move it). Leave the cake in the pan, cover loosely with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until completely cold, preferably overnight or at least 4 hours. On serving day: If you wish to decorate the cake, break or cut the graham crackers into ½-inch pieces or crumble into coarse crumbs by hand. Release and remove the side of the spring form, leaving the cake on the bottom of the pan. Place on a cake plate. Make a ring of the graham cracker pieces around the outside edge of the cheesecake. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Slice with a sharp straightedge knife, not a serrated one. Refrigerate any leftover cake, tightly covered, and serve within a few days, or wrap and freeze for up to 1 month.