Slice the eggplant into ¼-inch round slices. Stack the slices, a few at a time, and cut into ¼-inch dice. Place the eggplant in a colander and toss with 1 teaspoon salt. Set aside to drain. Cut the peppers in ¼-inch strips and then into ¼-inch dice, and reserve. Cut the zucchini into ¼-inch slices, then ¼-inch strips, then ¼-inch dice. Reserve. In a large deep nonreactive deep sauté pan, add ¼ cup of the olive oil and heat over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and sauté for 10 minutes or until the onion is translucent. Add the tomatoes and cook until they release their juices, about 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and reserve. Add about 2 tablespoons of the oil to the sauté pan and heat. Add the peppers and cook until they begin to lose some of their juice, about 5 minutes. Transfer the peppers to the bowl of vegetables and reserve. Add another 2 tablespoons oil to the pan and heat. Add the zucchini and cook, tossing often for 5 minutes or until they become slightly limp. Add the remaining ¼ cup of oil to the pan and heat. Squeeze the liquid out of the diced eggplant a fistful at a time. Add the eggplant to the pan. Cook, tossing often for 10 minutes until the eggplant becomes slightly limp. Transfer the eggplant and any accompanying oil to another bowl and reserve. Add the wine and broth to the pan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the reserved vegetable mixture and eggplant to the pan. Add the basil, parsley, mint, thyme, and bay leaf and season with salt and pepper. Cover slightly and simmer over medium-low heat for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Drain the ratatouille in a colander set over a large bowl to catch the juices. Place the ratatouille and strained liquid in separate bowls and allow to cool to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate until chilled. Spoon off the oil from the top of the ratatouille and save for another use. (It makes a delicious vinaigrette.) Add enough of the strained juice to moisten the ratatouille. Serve either as a first course or as an accompaniment to grilled meat or chicken.