Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F. Peel and trim the asparagus. Trim off the base from the radicchio but leave the core intact. Cut the head lengthwise into 4 wedges. Likewise, trim off the base of the endives and slice them in half lengthwise. Trim and cut round or oval vegetables—tomatoes, eggplants, zucchini, fennel bulbs—in half or in quarters lengthwise, depending upon their size (baby zucchini can be roasted whole). Remove excess paper from the whole garlic heads. Using a sharp knife, slice off about ½ inch from the top of each garlic head to expose most of cloves. Place the garlic heads in a small pan with water to cover. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer gently, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Drain well, then brush whole garlic heads with olive oil and wrap tightly in aluminum foil. Trim off the roots and the dark green tops of the leeks and discard them. Slice them in half lengthwise and spread open the sheaths under cold running water to wash out any sand that is lodged between them. Brush the vegetables generously with olive oil on both sides. Place the vegetables on 2 or 3 baking sheets, being sure that there is plenty of room around each piece so that they will color nicely instead of steaming. Place the baking sheets on the middle rack of the oven. Baking time will depend upon the vegetables. They are cooked when they are tender but firm, in approximately these times: tomatoes in 15 to 20 minutes; asparagus in 20 to 30 minutes, depending upon their thickness; radicchio, Belgian endives, and zucchini in 30 to 35 minutes; eggplant in 30 to 35 minutes; leeks and fennel in 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the cooked vegetables from the oven. Unwrap the garlic heads and arrange them and all the remaining vegetables in an attractive way on a platter. Except for the whole garlic heads, drizzle the vegetables with additional extra-virgin olive oil and sprinkle to taste with salt and pepper. If desired, sprinkle with parsley. Serve hot, warm, or at room temperature.