Preheat the oven to 500°F. Prepare the tomatoes for the soup: Core the tomatoes and quarter them lengthwise. In a large bowl, mix the tomatoes, ¼ cup of the olive oil, the vinegar, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and ½ teaspoon pepper. Spread the tomatoes on a nonreactive rimmed baking sheet. Roast the tomatoes in the oven until very dark in spots, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Leave the oven on. Make the bruschetta: Cut the bread crosswise into slices about 1 inch thick. You will need 8 slices. Place the slices in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden brown and just beginning to crisp, about 6 minutes. Remove from the oven and lightly brush the bread slices on both sides with olive oil, then season lightly with salt. Let cool. In a large saucepan, combine the remaining ¼ cup olive oil, the onion, and a pinch of salt over medium heat. Cook the onion, stirring occasionally, until very soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Raise the heat to high and add the roasted tomatoes and water. Bring to a simmer, adjust the heat to maintain the simmer, and cook for 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Working in batches, puree the tomato mixture with the basil, starting at a slow speed and increasing the speed gradually. The mixture should be very smooth. Alternatively, you can use an immersion blender right in the pan. You should have about 8 cups. (You can prepare the soup to this point and refrigerate several hours in advance. When ready to serve, bring to room temperature or reheat gently over medium heat.) Cook the eggs: Over medium-high heat, use 2 skillets large enough for 4 eggs each; add enough oil to cover the bottom of each skillet by 1/8 inch. Divide the red pepper flakes evenly between the skillets, scattering them evenly over the bottom, then crack 4 eggs into each pan. Cook the eggs until the yolks are barely set, about 4 minutes, occasionally tilting each skillet to collect some oil in a spoon and pouring it over the yolks. Remove the eggs from the skillets with a slotted spatula. To serve the soup, place 1 bruschetta in the center of each of eight shallow soup bowls. Pour the soup around the bruschetta. Place an egg on top of each bruschetta. Garnish with the torn basil. Drizzle the flavored oil from the skillets over each bowl of soup and serve.