Melt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet, over medium heat. Add the shallots and one-third of the garlic and sauté until just wilted, 1 minute. Add 1 pound of the chanterelles and the minced dried apricots. Stir to coat with the butter. Add the nutmeg and ¼ cup of the brandy. Cover the pan and increase the heat to medium-high. Cook until the mushrooms have released their liquid, about 7 minutes. Uncover the pan, turn the heat to high, and continue cooking until most of the liquid has evaporated, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice, season to taste with salt and pepper, and transfer the mushroom mixture to a small bowl. In the same skillet, melt 4 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add the remaining garlic and the onion and sauté until wilted, 2 minutes. Add the sausage and fry, breaking up with a spoon, until it is no longer pink. Add the celery and continue cooking for 3 minutes more. Combine the crumbled com bread, mushrooms, and sausage in a large bowl, stir in the pecans, the julienned dried apricots, scallions, parsley, and ¼ cup brandy. Season to taste. You should have about 10 cups stuffing. (The stuffing may be made up to 2 days in advance. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before continuing.) Stir in 1 cup stock. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Rub the outside of the chicken with the olive oil. Season liberally, both inside and out, with salt and pepper. Stuff the chicken, close the openings, and truss the chicken (see Note). Roast the chicken for 15 minutes, then baste it with its own juices or a little olive oil. Reduce the heat to 350°F and continue roasting for about 2 hours. Exact timing depends upon the size of the chicken and the reliability of the oven temperature. It’s a good idea to allow an extra 30 minutes. The chicken is done when a fork pierced into the leg near the joint releases clear liquid. Remove the chicken from the roasting pan. Pour off the fat. Pour the remaining 2 tablespoons of apricot brandy into the pan over high heat. Stir, scraping up the stuck bits of meat. Set aside. . Melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a medium-size sauté pan over medium-high heat. Add the remaining ½ pound of chanterelles and sauté until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 4 minutes: Add the defatted pan drippings and remaining ¼ cup stock to the sauté pan. Reduce the heat and simmer until slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Season to taste, and serve in a gravy boat. . Remove the stuffing from the chicken. Carve the chicken and serve the sauce and stuffing on the side.