Preheat the oven to 400°F. Cut the greens off the beets, leaving about 1/2 inch of the stem still attached. (Save the leaves for sautéing later—they are delicious!) Clean the beets well, and toss them with 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 teaspoon salt. Place the beets in a roasting pan with a splash of water in the bottom. Cover the pan tightly with foil, and roast the beets about 40 minutes, until they’re tender when pierced. (The roasting time will depend on the size and type of beet, so it’s best to check them earlier.) When the beets are done, carefully remove the foil. Let cool, and peel the beets by slipping off the skins with your fingers. Slice the beets into wedges and place in a large bowl. (If the beets are small, just cut them in half.) While the beets are roasting, toast the cumin seeds in a medium pan over medium heat 2 to 3 minutes, until the seeds release their aroma and darken slightly. Pound half the cumin seeds to a fine powder in a mortar. Transfer this powder to a bowl with the remaining cumin seeds, a teaspoon salt, red wine vinegar, and 1 tablespoon lemon juice. Whisk in 1/2 cup olive oil. Taste for balance and seasoning. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to the cumin pan, and heat 2 minutes, until the oil is very hot. Add the chickpeas, and fry them 4 to 5 minutes, shaking the pan often, until they are crispy. Drain on paper towels, and season with a few pinches of salt and some pepper. Add the shallots to the beets, season with a teaspoon salt and a few grindings of black pepper, and gently toss them with three-quarters of the vinaigrette. Season to taste, and add more lemon, salt, or freshly ground black pepper if you like. Gently toss in the olives and parsley leaves. Add a little more vinaigrette if necessary. Cut the ricotta salata into 1/4-inch-thick slabs. Arrange half the salad on a platter. Tuck half the cheese in and around the beets and scatter half the chickpeas on top. Place the rest of the salad on top and nestle the remaining ricotta salata and chickpeas into the salad. TO PREPARE THE CHICKPEAS: Heat a medium pot over high heat for 2 minutes. Pour in the olive oil, wait a minute, and then add the onion, garlic, chile, thyme, and bay leaf. Cook for a minute or two until the onion is wilted and then add the chickpeas, paprika, cayenne, and cinnamon stick. Stir for a few minutes, coating the chickpeas with the oil and spices. Cover with water by 3 inches, and bring to a boil over high heat. Turn the heat down to low, and place a paper towel on top of the chickpeas to keep them under the surface. Simmer for 30 minutes, and then add 2 1/2 teaspoons salt. Continue cooking on a low simmer about 1 hour, until the chickpeas are tender. As they cook, add water as necessary. When they are done, taste for seasoning and cool the chickpeas in their juices.