Break the eggs into a large bowl and, with a whidk, gently stir (do not beat) until the egg white is broken up. Add the dashi, mirin, salt, sugar, and soy sauce and mix together gently (you do not want to create much foam). Set the tempered pan with 1 tablespoon of the reserved oil over medium-high heat and, when hot, wipe out the excess oil with a paper towl (leaving too much oil makes the omelet taste greasy). Pour in 1/4 cup of the egg mixture. It should make a sizzling sound. Quickly swirl the eggs to coat the bottom of the pan and then cook them over medium-high heat until the bottom is cooked and barely golden and the surface is still moist. During this stage, bubbles from trapped steam may push the thin layer of egg up from the bottom, making it inflate like a balloon here and there. With chopsticks or with the sharp edge of a flat stainless steel spatula, poke a small hole through the bubbles to deflate them and let the uncooked egg liquid run through the holes and under the omelet. Roll the thin omelet toward you with chopsticks or a spatula. Push the rolled omelet to the far end of the pan. Grease the entire bottom of the pan again using an oil-soaked paper towel. Add another 1/4 cup of the egg mixture. Spread it out over the bottom of the pan. With chopsticks or a spatula, lift the rolled omelet you have just made so that some of the new egg flows underneath. Cook until the bottom is firm underneath. Cook until the bottom is firm and the surface is moist, poking the steam vents if necessary. With chopsticks or a spatula, loosen the second thin omelet from the pan along with the first omelet, then lift them up over the second sheet of omelet and turn them both together to make a two-layered omelet. Return it to the back of the pan. Repeat with process with another 1/4 cup of the egg and finally with the remaining egg. With the help of a spatula, press adn form the hot tender omelet into a neat rectangular shape in the pan. Remove the omelet from the pan and let it stand to cool to room temperature. The omelet tastes best after 3 to 5 hours at room temperature.