Position one rack at the top of the oven, another in the middle, and a third in the bottom. In a medium mixing bowl, sprinkle yeast and salt over 2½ cups lukewarm water. Let the mixture stand for about 5 minutes, or until the yeast has been dissolved and bubbles appear on the surface of the mixture. Stir. Put the flour in a large mixing bowl and form a well in the center. Add the anise seed, mahlab, coriander seed, cumin, vegetable oil, sugar, and vegetable shortening. Stir until well combined. Then slowly incorporate the yeast mixture into the well, absorbing flour. Mix thoroughly. Knead the dough for about 15 minutes. It should be soft, yet smooth and elastic, and it should no longer stick to the sides of the bowl. Adding a sprinkle of flour to the dough may help if the dough is too sticky. Cover the mixing bowl with a dry towel. Let the dough rise for 1½ hours in a place warmer than room temperature. Preheat oven to 400°F. On a lightly floured work surface, punch down the dough and divide it in half. Roll half of the dough into a 2-inch-diameter log. Cut the log into ½-inch rounds and roll each of the rounds to a length of about 4 inches. If you feel like crimping the edges of the ka’ak to give them a fancy appearance, with a sharp knife, make 1/8-inch notches along one long edge of each dough strip at intervals ¼ inch. Shape each strip into a ring, crimped edges facing outward. Brush each ring of dough lightly with the egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water. Then dip each dough ring in sesame seeds. Place the ka’ak on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking tray in even rows. Bake for 10 minutes, utilizing all oven racks and rotating the trays. When all the ka’ak are completely baked, reduce the oven temperature to 250°F and bake for an additional 20 minutes. Then crisp by reducing oven temperature to 200°F for 20 minutes. The crisping stage is essential to produce the crunch and texture desired. The ka’ak should appear very light gold and crisp. Let cool and store in an airtight container.