Melt the chocolate and dissolve the gelatin: In a bain-marie, melt the chocolate, stirring occasionally with a rubber spatula (this will take about 10 minutes). In a small bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over 3 teaspoons of water and set it aside. In another bowl, whip the cream and set it aside in the refrigerator. Make the sabayon (see the Note on egg yolk foams and sabayons): While the chocolate is melting, vigorously whisk the egg yolks and egg in a stainless-steel bowl until they lighten in color a bit, 2 minutes. Crumble the halvah with your hands or chop it with a knife. Add the sugar, white wine, salt, and halvah to the eggs. Once the chocolate has melted, remove from the bain-marie and replace it with the bowl containing the egg mixture. Whisk briskly until the mixture has thickened, doubled in volume, and holds the lines of a whisk, 5 to 8 minutes. (As you whisk your sabayon you will smell the alcohol in the wine evaporating.) Remove the bowl from the heat and add the softened gelatin. Continue to whisk until the gelatin is dissolved. Scrape the sabayon into the bowl of melted milk chocolate and whisk until the mixture is thoroughly combined and becomes shiny and smooth, and holds the lines of a whisk. Incorporate the cream: Scrape the lightly whipped cream over the chocolate sabayon. Fold the two together with a spatula or bowl scraper: place the spatula in the center of the bowl, scrape the bottom, and bring the bottom over the top. Rotate the bowl 45 degrees and continue folding until all the whipped cream is incorporated. If you want to serve the mousse in a casual manner, let the mousse chill and gel in a large bowl or plastic container in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours before dolloping it out onto individual plates. Alternatively, for a more finished look, pour the mousse into 10 small serving dishes and let it set in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours before serving. Serving Suggestions: Serve this mousse with some toasted pignoli nuts or some crushed toffee sprinkled over the top.