To prepare the sardines, rinse them under cold running water and, with your fingernail, scrape off any scales. Starting with one sardine, gently bend the head back and remove it. Place the sardine on a cutting board. Use a sharp knife or scissors to cut a slit along the belly line, starting at the top and cutting all the way to the tail (without piercing the back) (see Notes). Rinse the cavity under running water to remove the innards. Place the sardine back on the board, with the open cavity facing you, and carefully cut into it, splitting it open like a book, being careful not to cut through to the other side. Once you have opened the sardine, carefully-with your fingers-pry the spine and rib bones out, leaving as much flesh on the fish as possible. (Don’t worry too much about small bones because the high-heat cooking will make them so tender you won’t even notice them.) Cut or pull off the tail, along with any attached bone. With scissors, snip off the dorsal fin on the top of the fish. Repeat with the remaining sardines. Season the inside of each sardine with salt and pepper and tuck in some mint, squeeze some lemon juice over the fish, fold the sides over, and secure it closed with a toothpick. Set aside. To prepare the salad, heat a medium sauté pan over medium-high heat. Add the olive oil and, when it is hot, add the shallots and salt and cook until the shallots are lightly caramelized, about 7 minutes. Transfer the shallots to a large bowl, along with the pine nuts, shaved fennel, currants, lemon juice, and reserved mint. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside. Heat a pan (I love to use a well-seasoned cast-iron pan for this) over high heat. You’ll need the pan to be superhot in order to caramelize the sardines in the short time it takes to cook them. Add the vegetable oil, and 30 seconds later, carefully add the stuffed sardines, making sure not to overcrowd the pan. Cook for about 2 minutes on the first side, and carefully flip the fish using a sturdy, thin-edged metal spatula. Cook for another minute or two on the other side. Transfer to a plate. To serve, place an equal portion of salad on 4 plates and top each with some sardines. Drizzle about a teaspoon of olive oil over the top of each person’s dish. Garnish with the fennel fronds and serve with the crusty bread.