Set the rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 425°F. To prepare the curried tempeh: use a fork to prick both sides of the tempeh deeply about 20 times. Cut the slab into ½-inch cubes and set aside. In a sealable storage container, combine the curry powder, turmeric, salt, grated ginger, oil, and water. Add the tempeh cubes, close the container, and shake gently to coat the cubes evenly. (Most of the marinade will be absorbed instantly.) Set aside for 5 minutes. Arrange the tempeh in one layer in a nonstick baking pan or shallow roasting pan. (Set aside the storage container and any unabsorbed marinade.) Bake the tempeh for 5 minutes. Toss, and then continue to bake until the cubes feel crisp and dry to the touch, 5 to 7 minutes longer. (Do not bake longer than 12 minutes, as the tempeh will dry out: it may not brown significantly.) Set aside in a warm place. To prepare the grain medley: Pour the water into the container you used for the tempeh marinade, and blend in any unabsorbed marinade. Heat a large, nonstick skillet and add the coconut, fennel seeds, and cumin seeds. Stir almost constantly until the coconut becomes fragrant and about half of the batch turns golden, 1 to 2 minutes. (Take care as the coconut can burn quickly.) Immediately pour the marinade water into the pan and stir. Add the salt, cinnamon, and cayenne (if using). Boil gently for 2 minutes. Stir in the grains, peas, and more salt, if needed. Cover and cook over medium-low heat until good and hot, stirring occasionally to prevent the grains from sticking, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in a few tablespoons more water during this time if the mixture becomes dry. To serve: Mound the grains in the center of large lipped plates or shallow soup bowls. Surround with “moats” of Cucumber-Mint “Raita,” and top with the curried tempeh. Other Ideas: Prepare the curried tempeh on its own and stuff cubes into pita with shredded lettuce or chopped, steamed vegetables. Use the “raita” as a dressing. Crumble any leftover curried tempeh on top of a green salad or steamed vegetables.