Soak 6 to 8 hickory or oak wood chunks in water for at least 24 hours. Let the brisket come to room temperature. Sprinkle the rub evenly over the brisket on all sides, patting it firmly to encourage it to adhere. Transfer the meat to a shallow disposable foil pan just large enough to hold it. Meanwhile, ignite about 48 charcoal briquettes, preferably in a chimney starter. When the briquettes are covered with white ash and glowing orange, arrange them in a kettle grill for indirect grilling. Drain the wood chunks and arrange them atop the briquettes, spacing them apart. Set the grill rack in place. Set the pan with the brisket on the portion of the grill rack not over the briquettes. Cover. Regulate the lower and upper vents to maintain a temperature between 230째 and 250째F, (Generally, the lower vent should be about 25 percent open; the upper vent barely open, but grills vary.) Smoke, rotating the position of the pan on the rack once, for 2 hours for moderately smoky meat, 3 hours for very smoky meat. About 30 minutes from the estimated end of the smoking period position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350째F. When the brisket has smoked to the level you desire, transfer it to a large piece of doubled aluminum foil. Partially enclose the brisket in the foil and transfer to a baking sheet Pour the beer over the pork and seal the foil around it tightly. Set the baking sheet in the oven and cook until the brisket is very tender and falling off the bone, 2 to 3 hours, depending on how long it spent being smoked. Remove the brisket from the oven Let the meat rest in its cooking juices for 20 minutes. Transfer the brisket to a cutting board, discarding any juices and fat remaining in the foil packet. Cut away any obvious fat, and slice it thickly across the grain. Or cool the meat to room temperature, cover, and refrigerate for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 1 month. (Rewarm cilled brisket by slicing it, then enclosing tightly in foil and warming it in a 350째F oven until steamy hot, about 25 minutes.)