Prepare the dough. Adjust the oven racks to the upper and middle positions, and preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper, and dust with flour. Turn the dough out onto a heavily floured work surface. With both hands, gently stretch the dough from underneath until it’s about 1 inch thick. Using a 1½-inch round biscuit or cookie cutter, cut out one circle at a time. (It may be necessary to rotate and twist the cutter as you’re cutting through the dough.) Using your hands, stretch each circle of dough from underneath, elongating it into an approximately 2-inch-long oval, and place it on the baking sheet. Working quickly, continue with the remaining circles, spacing them 1½ inches apart on the baking sheet. Gently, so as not to deflate the dough, and working quickly, so the dough doesn’t rise too much, dab the ovals with olive oil, and arrange the toppings on them according to the instructions below. Firmly press the toppings deeply into the dough at irregular intervals with your fingertips, visualizing small valleys and hills you’re creating underneath and around the toppings. Just before baking, toss a few cups of ice into the oven and close the door to create steam. Bake for about 20 minutes, until lightly browned. FOR THE RADICCHIO SNACKBREAD: Twist the wedge of radicchio to spread it out and press it onto the dough. Brush the top with olive oil, and sprinkle it with fleur de sel. FOR THE ROASTED RED PEPPER SNACKBREAD: Rumple the 2 strips of pepper over the snackbread, pressing them into the dough. Press the thyme sprigs flat onto the dough. FOR THE ZUCCHINI SNACKBREAD: On a mandoline or using a sharp knife, slice the zucchini or squash into paper-thin slices, about 1/8 inch thick. Arrange the slices in an overlapping row, dab with olive oil, and sprinkle with thyme leaves and fleur de sel. FOR THE TOMATO SNACKBREAD: Press the tomatoes into the dough in a random pattern. Press the thyme sprigs flat onto the dough, brush with olive oil, and sprinkle with fleur de sel. FOR THE POTATO-AND-ROSEMARY SNACKBREAD: On a mandoline or using a sharp knife, slice the potato into paper-thin slices, about 1/8 inch thick. Arrange the slices in an overlapping row and dab with olive oil. Poke the rosemary sprigs into the dough and sprinkle fleur de sel on top. FOR THE CHAMPAGNE-GRAPE SNACKBREAD: Press the clusters of grapes into the dough, and sprinkle them with the anise or fennel seeds. Poke the rosemary sprigs into the dough, and sprinkle over both sugars.