Place the masa harina, 1½ cups water, and the lime zest and juice in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on slow speed until a soft, Play-Doh-like dough forms. (Alternatively, combine the ingredients in a large bowl and knead with your hands.) Add a tablespoon or two of water or a little more masa if needed to give the right consistency. You can make the dough in advance to save time: Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 2 days. Bring back to room temperature before using. To make the sopes, pinch off golf-ball-size pieces of dough and roll into balls with your hands. You should have about 16 balls. Flatten them by placing each dough ball between two pieces of parchment or waxed paper and then pressing with a small plate. Ideally, they should be about 3 inches in diameter and about ¼-inch thick. Heat a flat griddle or large sauté par over medium heat. As a trial, place 1 sope on the hot surface. (Like pancakes, the first ones are not usually the most perfect.) Cook until the sope begins to puff or to turn golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes, and then turn and cook the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. The sopes should be warm and soft all the way through, but not raw. Adjust the heat as necessary and cook the remaining sopes (about 4 per batch). Keep finished sopes wrapped in a dean towel so they stay warm while you cook the rest. Serve the warm sopes with the beans, tomatillo sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, avocado, sour cream, and cilantro in small bowls so your guests can fill theirs as they like. Tomatillos are small green tomatoes with a papery husk that is easily peeled away. They have a fruity and zesty flavor that makes for an appealing alternative to red salsas. As an ancient Mexican ingredient, tomatillos are a culinary cornerstone of Latin cooking. As a modern American salsa, this is a deliciously fat-free way to boost the flavor of scrambled eggs, grilled fish, or even your favorite tortilla chips. Variation: Avocado-Tomatillo Sauce (makes about 3 cups): Add 1 diced avocado and ¼ cup fresh cilantro to the food processor along with the tomatillos, and pulse until combined but still chunky. Serve immediately or store, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 2 days. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Place the tomatillos, jalapeno, and garlic on a rimmed baking sheet. Transfer to the oven and roast until the tomatillos begin to crack, 20 to 30 minutes. Transfer the contents of the baking sheet (including any juice from the tomatillos) to the work bowl of a food processor and puree until smooth. Season with the salt and set aside to cool.