IN ADVANCE To make the soup base, heat the olive oil in a 4-quart pot over medium heat. Add the leeks, onion, and carrots. Stir until the leeks and onion turn translucent, about 10 minutes. ADD the beans, zucchini, broth, and bouquet garni. Bring the soup to a simmer, simmer for about 5 minutes, and add the macaroni and green beans. Continue simmering for about 5 to 10 minutes, until the zucchini and macaroni have softened. DON’T season the soup until you’ve added the pistou, which is very salty. If you’re not serving the soup right away, chill it as quickly as you can so the vegetables don’t overcook. MAKE the pistou by hand or in a blender. HAND METHOD If you have a mortar and pestle, combine the garlic, basil, and coarse salt in the mortar. Grind the mixture to a paste and add the cheese. Gradually work in the chopped tomato and then the olive oil. IF you don’t have a mortar and pestle, chop the garlic finely and crush it into a paste with the side of a chef’s knife. Put the basil leaves on the cutting board with the garlic and sprinkle them with a few tablespoons of the olive oil (to prevent them from turning black during chopping). Chop the basil very finely. COMBINE the basil and garlic in a bowl with the cheese and the chopped tomato. Add the salt. BLENDER METHOD Put the tomatoes and then the rest of the ingredients except the olive oil in the blender. (The tomatoes go in first to provide liquid to get the mixture moving around.) Blend at high speed for about 1 minute, until the mixture turns into a paste. Transfer the pistou to a mixing bowl and stir in the olive oil. (The olive oil must be added by hand, or it will turn bitter.) AT THE LAST MINUTE To serve, whisk half of the pistou into the hot soup, then season with salt if needed and pepper. Immediately ladle the soup into hot bowls. Serve the French bread toasts in a basket. Pass the remaining pistou at the table—in a bowl or mortar—and let guests help themselves. SUGGESTIONS AND VARIATIONS SUGGESTIONS AND VARIATIONS