For agar powder: In a small bowl, combine the agar powder, 1 Tbsp (15 ml) cornstarch and agave nectar. Whisk well to eliminate any lumps. Pour the coconut milk, rice milk and salt into a small heavy pot. Slowly whisk in the agave mixture until well combined. Heat the mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until it begins to boil. Continue stirring constantly and cooking over medium heat for one minute. Remove from heat and stir in the vanilla. Pour the mixture into a deep bowl. Allow to cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes, stirring once every minute for the first 5 minutes. Place the bowl in the refrigerator and allow to chill completely, at least 4 hours. For agar flakes: Combine agar, rice or almond milk, coconut milk and salt in a small, heavy bottomed pot; allow to sit at room temperature, covered, for at least 20 minutes to soften the agar. In a small bowl, whisk together 1 Tbsp cornstarch and agave nectar until smooth. Add to the agar-milk mixture in the pot and stir to blend. Heat the mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until it begins to boil. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking and stirring for 5 minutes, scraping the bottom of the pot occasionally to avoid scorching. Remove from heat and stir in the vanilla. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve into a deep bowl (this will catch any bits of flakes that haven’t dissolved entirely; you definitely don’t want chunks of agar in your whipped cream!). Allow to cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes, stirring once every minute for the first 5 minutes. Place the bowl in the refrigerator and allow to chill completely, no less than 4 hours. Once chilled, proceed as follows for both agar powder and agar flakes: Break the chilled mixture into large chunks (it should be jelled and quite solid) and place in a food processor. Sprinkle with the last 1 Tbsp (15 ml) cornstarch and process until perfectly smooth, stopping to scrape down sides two or three times. The mixture should have no visible little lumps or grains of gel, and should be very fluffy and smooth. At this point, the cream may be used as is to dollop over pies or puddings. For a firmer cream that can be piped, continue as below. If the cream is not quite stiff enough to pipe, beat it with electric beaters, as follows: turn the already-processed cream into a deep bowl. If you have time, refrigerate for another 10-15 minutes until very cold (otherwise, place the beaters in the freezer for a few minutes). Melt the coconut oil (start with one Tbsp or 15 ml). While beating the cream, pour the melted oil in a stream over it, and beat on high speed to incorporate; the cold cream and beaters will help to congeal the oil as it’s blended in. The cream should thicken enough to hold a shape. If necessary, use the final Tbsp (15 ml) of oil as well. Store in refrigerator up to 5 days. The cream will keep its shape and should still remain soft.