Mix the flour, eggs, and milk in a large bowl until you have a sticky, elastic, doughish batter. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. It helps if it’s a tall, thin pot so that the flat grater sits over its opening without your having to hold it in place. Spray a flat grater with wide holes (see Notes) with nonstick spray, then set it over the pot. Scoop out some of the batter with a rubber spatula, maybe about 1/4 cup, and then wipe it across the grater so that small, uneven bits of batter fall through the holes. Don’t let any batter fall over the sides of the grater without going through the holes or these bits will be large, tough lumps. Work quickly and efficiently to get all the batter through the grater and into the water. Don’t panic, but don’t stop. If you find the batter sticking to the grater, give it another spritz with the, nonstick spray. Once all the batter is in little threads in the pot, reduce the heat to medium-low and cook at a simmer until the bits are tender, about 6 minutes. Drain in a colander set in the sink, then place the dough bits in a large bowl and cover with cool water while you make the sauce. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and bell pepper; cook, stirring often, until softened a bit, about 3 minutes. Stir in the ham bits and the caraway seeds. Cook, stirring often, about 2 minutes, just until the ham is warmed through. Add the mushrooms all at once. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms release their internal liquid and then that liquid reduces to a glaze, about 7 minutes in all. You’ll notice a definite pickup of liquid in the skillet after a couple minutes. Just be patient until this turns into a thickened glaze-not like shellac, but like a well-tended reduction sauce. Pour in the broth, then add the mustard and Worcestershire sauce. Bring to a simmer. Drain the Spaetzle in a colander set in the sink, then add them to the skillet. Toss and cook to heat through, about 3 minutes. Serve at once.