Heat the oil in a 4-quart or larger cooker. Add the onion and chorizo and cook over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until the onion begins to soften, about 2 minutes. Stir in the rice and paprika, taking care to coat the rice with the oil. Stir in the broth, bay leaves, and salt. Scrape up any browned bits stuck to the bottom of the cooker. Stir in the chicken. Pour the tomatoes and their liquid on top. Do not stir after adding the tomatoes. Lock the lid in place. Over high heat bring to high pressure. Reduce the heat just enough to maintain high pressure and cook for 3 minutes. Turn off the heat. Allow the pressure to come down naturally for 6 minutes. Quick-release any pressure remaining in the cooker. Remove the lid, tilting it a away from you to allow steam to escape. Quickly stir in the olives, red pepper, and thyme. Immediately replace the lid and steam in the residual heat until rice is tender, usually no more than a minute or two. Stir well to distribute the ingredients. Remove bay leaves. Add salt and pepper to taste. If there is any unabsorbed liquid, use a slotted spoon to serve. Garnish individual portions with parsley. Variations Add 1 cup frozen peas or cooked black beans when you add olives. Add 1 to 2 teaspoons hot paprika or ½ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes along with sweet paprika. Transformations (Follow basic recipe except as noted.) Chicken Jambalaya: Omit chorizo. Add 1 medium green bell pepper, seeded and finely diced, along with chicken. While rice is cooking, slice and pan-fry 12 ounces andouille or other fully cooked smoked sausage. Stir into cooked rice (along with red pepper). Omit olives. Pass Tabasco sauce at the table. Seafood and Chicken Jambalaya: Prepare Chicken Jambalaya above and add ½ pound unpeeled medium or large shrimp along with chicken. Seafood and Chicken Paella: Soak ¼ teaspoon saffron threads in 2 teaspoons warm water for 10 minutes. Add along with chicken broth. Add ¾ pound medium shrimp (shelling optional), large scallops, or a combination, when you add chicken.