In a small bowl, combine 1 cup of the herbs, the garlic, salt, black and red peppers, and lemon zest. Whisk in just enough oil to make a thick paste. Place a chicken, breast-side down, on a large cutting board. With your fingers, locate the backbone. Use a pair of poultry shears or sharp kitchen shears to cut through the chicken from top to bottom on either side of the backbone. Remove the backbone and turn the chicken over. Open it up and press down on the chicken with the back of your hand to crack the rib bones and flatten the bird. Repeat the procedure with the second chicken. With your fingers, carefully separate the skin from the breasts of one chicken and insert some of the paste under the skin of each breast. Repeat with the second chicken. Rub the remaining paste all over the exterior of both chickens. Place each chicken in a separate large zipper-lock bag and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to overnight. Prepare a medium fire in a charcoal grill using hardwood coals, or preheat a gas grill to medium. If you are using a charcoal grill, spread the hot coals across 2/3 of the charcoal grate and leave the remaining portion clear to create a cooler zone. Lightly oil or spray the grill grate. If you are using gas, turn one of the burners to medium-low to create a cooler zone. Place the chickens, skin-side down, directly over the charcoal or direct heat. Grill for 6 to 7 minutes, until the skin is nicely seared; turn, and grill another 6 to 7 minutes. Move the chickens to indirect heat and continue to grill them, turning them carefully from time to time, for about 20 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer registers 165°F and the juices run dear when pierced with a fork. Remove the chickens to a cutting board and tent them loosely with foil. Let them rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Cut each chicken into 6 serving-size pieces. Arrange the pieces on a large serving platter and garnish with lemon slices and the remaining tablespoon of fresh herbs. Serve immediately.