Peel the chayotes with a vegetable peeler and cut into quarters. Core and cut each quarter lengthwise in half. Chop crosswise into ½-inch-thick chunks. In a large wok or skillet, heat the oil over medium-low heat until it becomes runny and starts to shimmer. Drop in a mustard seed; if it floats and starts to sputter, the oil is ready. Stir in the rest of the mustard seeds and cook until they are light brown and fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Toss in the chayote and stir constantly for 3 minutes. Add the salt and sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, for another 3 minutes. Add the butter, coriander, and fenugreek. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes, or until the chayote is almost cooked through. Add the bell peppers, cover, and cook until they release their juices, about 1 minute. Add the cilantro stems and peas and stir. Peel the chayotes with a vegetable peeler and cut into quarters. Core and cut each quarter lengthwise in half. Chop crosswise into ½-inch-thick chunks. In a large wok or skillet, heat the oil over medium-low heat until it becomes runny and starts to shimmer. Drop in a mustard seed; if it floats and starts to sputter, the oil is ready. Stir in the rest of the mustard seeds and cook until they are light brown and fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Toss in the chayote and stir constantly for 3 minutes. Add the salt and sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, for another 3 minutes. Add the butter, coriander, and fenugreek. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes, or until the chayote is almost cooked through. Add the bell peppers, cover, and cook until they release their juices, about 1 minute. Add the cilantro stems and peas and stir. Simmer until the peas are heated through and the chayote is tender and cooked to your liking (bite into a piece to test), about 3 minutes. Don’t simmer the peas for too long or they will overcook and turn dirty green. Taste and add more salt or sugar if desired. Transfer to a serving platter. Garnish with cilantro leaves and let the dish sit for at least 5 minutes to allow the flavors to meld before serving. Enjoy this dish with whole-wheat tortillas available at Latin markets or specialty markets.