Position a rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Have ready a baking dish with an 8-cup capacity. Make the sauce: In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. As soon as the butter melts, add the flour and increase the heat to medium. Using a wooden spoon and stirring constantly, cook the butter and flour until it is bubbling and it is just beginning to become slightly golden, about 1 minute. Using a whisk and whisking constantly, slowly pour in the vegetable broth. Keep whisking until the sauce is smooth. Bring to a gentle boil, adjusting the heat as necessary, and cook for 5 minutes. The sauce will thicken slightly to the consistency of a thick syrup. Set aside while you cook the onions. Make the filling: In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the sliced and chopped onion and garlic and cook until the onions soften, about 5 minutes, stirring often. Add the onion mixture to the pan with the sauce. Stir in the potatoes, carrots, green beans, artichoke hearts, peas, lemon zest, lemon juice, parsley, and dill. Return the saucepan to medium heat and cook for about 10 minutes, adjusting the heat to keep the liquid at a gentle boil until the potatoes and carrots are soft, stirring often. Remove the saucepan from the heat and taste for salt and pepper. Transfer the filling to the baking dish, letting it cool for about 15 minutes while you roll the crust. Lightly flour the rolling surface and rolling pin. Roll the crust dough to a shape that is 1-inch larger than the top of the baking dish. Roll the crust around the rolling pin and unroll it over the top of the baking dish. Fold ½ inch of the edge of the crust under to form a smooth edge. Use your thumb and forefinger to pinch the edge into a fluted or scalloped pattern around the edge of the dish while pressing it firmly onto the rim. Use a pastry brush to brush the top lightly with water, then sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Cut four 2-inch-long slits in the top of the crust to release steam while the potpie bakes. Bake for about 35 minutes, or until the crust is lightly browned. Let rest for 5 minutes, then use a large spoon to cut through the crust and scoop out servings of crust and filling.