Preheat the oven to 325°F. Grease 3 large baking sheets or half-sheet pans and spread parchment or wax paper on each one. Grease the parchment paper with butter. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the almond paste, butter, sugar, and egg yolks on medium speed for about 5 minutes, or until light and fluffy. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the flour until well incorporated. In the clean, dry bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites on medium-high speed until soft peaks form. Fold a third of the egg whites into the batter to lighten it. Gently fold in the remaining two thirds of the whites. Divide the batter into three portions and put each in its own small bowl. Mix one portion with red food coloring, mix another with green food coloring, and leave the final portion white. Spread each portion of batter on one of the baking sheets, spreading it with a palette knife or spatula. Spread the batter as thinly and evenly as you can, so that it covers the baking sheets. Bake for about 15 minutes, or until set. Remove from the oven, invert each baked piece of dough on wire racks, remove the parchment paper, and let cool completely. When the layers are cool, spread raspberry jam on the green layer and top with the white layer. Spread the apricot preserves on the white layer and top with the red layer. Cut the cookies into 1-inch-wide rectangles, 2 to 2½ inches long. Dip each into the warm Chocolate Glaze to coat all sides and let set on wire racks until the chocolate Cools. For the Chocolate Glaze: In the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water, melt the chocolate and butter, stirring gently, until melted and smooth. Remove the top of the double boiler from the heat and set aside to allow the chocolate to cool to room temperature. It is ready when you stick the tip of your finger in it and it does not feel hot. Use immediately. (If there is any leftover glaze, refrigerate it and reheat to drizzle over ice cream or pound cake.) Makes about 1 1/2 cups.