Rinse the rice briefly to wash off any dust. Place in a large pot and add about 6 cups tepid water. Cover and set aside for 10 to 12 hours to soak. (If you are in a rush, you can hurry the rice by soaking it in warm water: don’t make the water boiling hot, just very warm, and reduce the soaking time to 4 hours. Longer soaking produces a slightly better texture.) Drain, then place the rice in a steamer—a conical or round sticky rice steaming basket if you have one (see headnote), or a regular Chinese bamboo steamer lined with muslin, cheesecloth, or a looseweave tea towel so the rice doesn’t fall through. In either case, you need 2 to 3 inches of water in the pot under the steamer, and the rice in its basket must be above, not in, the water. A conical or cylindrical basket should fit tightly into the pot (so the steam can’t escape around the sides). A regular steamer works best resting in a wok; otherwise, it should fit tightly over a pot of water. Bring the water to a boil. If you are using a Lao steaming basket, then just cover the top loosely (it will cook uncovered, but we find covering it makes it cook a little more quickly and evenly) and steam for about 35 minutes. If you are steaming in a wide round steamer, cover tightly and steam for 20 minutes; remove the steamer and use a wooden spoon to turn the rice over, then place the steamer back over the boiling water and continue to steam for about 15 minutes. The rice should be tender but still firm when done. Turn the rice out onto a counter or other surface and use a long-handled wooden spoon or spatula to spread it out and then to lift the sides in toward the center, to create a round lump of rice (this evens out the texture). Transfer to one or more covered baskets, or place in a bowl and cover with a well-moistened cloth to prevent the rice from drying out. Serve warm or at room temperature. STICKY RICE WITH CURED SAUSAGE: As the rice steams, flavorings can be cooked or heated on top of it. In Jinghong, we’ve seen Chinese sausage cut into pieces, steam-cooking on top of a large batch of sticky rice. To try this, buy about ½ pound Chinese sausage, rinse it, and cut it into ½-inch lengths. Once the soaked rice is in the steamer, scatter the sausage on top, cover, and steam until the rice is done, as above. Serve the sausage separately, or mix it into the rice after steaming.