Put the strawberries in a strainer and wash them under cold water. Shake the strainer to get rid of excess water. Spread the strawberries out on a board. Cut the stems off the berries and set aside 4 of the nicest strawberries to decorate the top of each shortcake just before serving. Then slice the rest of the berries in half. Put the strawberry slices in a bowl and sprinkle them with 1/3 cup sugar. With a fork, mash the berries until they are juicy, Set aside. Put the whipping cream into a small, deep bowl; a 4-cup glass measuring cup is dandy. Add the 3 tablespoons sugar. Lower the rotary beater into the cream, letting it rest on the bottom of the bowl, and start whipping the cream by turning the handle rapidly. (“Whipping” means using a beater or a whisk to beat air into eggs or cream to make them grow larger in size and lighter.) At first, it seems that nothing is happening But after a while, the cream starts thickening. You want to let it get just thick or stiff enough so that when you life the beater, the cream as it falls back into the bowl forms little mounds that don’t sink and disappear. In cookbooks this is called whipping the cream until it makes soft peaks. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate if you’re not using it right away. Split the shortcakes in half and put the bottom halves on 4 dessert plates. Spoon about 1/3 cup of the berries and their juice over each shortcake. Now scoop up 3 or 4 big spoonfuls of whipped cream and spread it over the berries on each serving Place the top half of the shortcake on each serving. Then put the remaining strawberries on top, dividing them evenly. Spoon 2 to 3 big spoonfuls of whipped cream onto the top and around the bottom of each shortcake and place a whole strawberry on top of each one. Serve right away. Split the shortcakes in half and put the bottom halves on 4 dessert plates. Spoon about 1/3 cup of the berries and their juice over each shortcake. Now scoop up 3 or 4 big spoonfuls of whipped cream and spread it over the berries on each serving Place the top half of the shortcake on each serving. Then put the remaining strawberries on top, dividing them evenly. Spoon 2 to 3 big spoonfuls of whipped cream onto the top and around the bottom of each shortcake and place a whole strawberry on top of each one. Serve right away.