For the Dough: Put the flour and salt in a large bowl and stir to distribute the salt well. Put the warm water in a small bowl and sprinkle the yeast over it. Let stand for 2 minutes to soften, then whisk with a fork to blend. Make a well in the center of the flour and put the dissolved yeast and the olive oil in the well. Begin incorporating flour from the sides with one hand. When you have incorporated all the flour and the dough cleans the sides of the bowl, which should only take about a minute, switch to a one-handed kneading motion, securing the bowl with the other hand. The dough will be moist and a little sticky at this point but resist adding additional flour. By kneading it in the bowl instead of on a work surface, you should be able to avoid adding flour. When the dough is no longer sticky, after about 5 minutes, turn it out onto a work surface. Knead with both hands until the dough is smooth and soft, about 5 minutes longer, dusting with flour only as needed to prevent sticking. For the First Rise: Transfer the dough to a clean bowl lightly coated with olive oil and turn the dough to coat it with the oil. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap. Let rise in the warmest place in your kitchen until it doubles in volume, 1½ to 2 hours. For the Second Rise: Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and shape it into a ball. Dust the ball lightly with flour and place it on a clean kitchen towel. Cover loosely with another clean kitchen towel. Let rise again in the warmest place in your kitchen until it doubles in volume, about 1½ hours. For the Filling: If the chard ribs are more than 1 inch (2½ centimeters) wide, halve them lengthwise, then cut crosswise into ¼-inch (6-millimeter) pieces. Cut the leaves lengthwise into 4-inch-wide (5-centimeter-wide) ribbons, then stack the ribbons and cut crosswise into about ½-inch (12-millimeter) pieces. Leaving the scallions whole, slit the white part in half lengthwise, or quarter lengthwise if large, then cut the scallions-white and green parts-crosswise into ¾-inch (18-millimeter) pieces. In a large bowl, combine the chard ribs and leaves, the scallions, and the salt. Toss well with your hands to distribute the salt evenly. Let stand for at least 30 minutes to wilt the greens, or up to an hour. Drain the greens to remove accumulated liquid, then rinse them repeatedly to remove excess salt. Taste to make sure they are no longer too salty. Working in batches, squeeze the greens between your hands to remove all excess liquid, then transfer them to a bowl. Add the dill, paprika, hot pepper to taste, and olive oil and mix well with your hands. Preheat the oven to 475°F (250°C). Lightly oil a heavy 12- by 18-inch (30- by 43- centimeter) baking sheet. Place the risen dough on the baking sheet and gently press and pat it until it covers the baking sheet and is evenly thick everywhere With a short side of the baking sheet nearest you, cover the bottom half of the dough with the filling, spreading the filling evenly but leaving a 1-inch (2½-centimeter) border. Lift the exposed half of the dough over the filling to enclose it and press the edges together to seal. You should have a rectangle approximately 8½ by 12 inches (22 by 30 centimeters). If you feel an air bubble under the surface, pierce the dough in one or two places with a skewer and press to vent the air. Bake for 20 minutes, then rotate the pan in the oven and lower the oven temperature to 400°F (200°C). Continue baking until the pitta is golden brown on top and bottom, about 10 minutes longer. Transfer to a rack and let cool for at least an hour before slicing.