Soak the chia seeds in the 12 cup water for at least 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. In a large mixing bowl, combine the tapioca flour, brown rice flour, garbanzo bean flour, millet flour, almond meal, sorghum flour, salt, cardamom, cinnamon, and xanthan gum. In a separate large mixing bowl (or the bowl of a stand mixer), dissolve the yeast in the room temperature water. Add the canola oil and Sucanat. Just as the yeast begins to foam and feed on the Sucanat, about 3 minutes, add the combined dry ingredients and the chia seeds with their soaking liquid. Combine well to the point that you have a lovely, pliable bread dough. If you are using a stand mixer, insert the paddle attachment and pulse on low speed. If you prefer to use your arm and a wooden spoon, by all means enjoy this slightly slower but very effective way of mixing your bread dough! On a work surface generously dusted with brown rice flour, turn out the dough and gently divide into 3 equal pieces. Begin rolling out each piece on the prepared work surface, then transfer ropes-in-progress onto baking sheet pan lined with parchment paper and dusted with brown rice flour. Keep rolling until finished length of each rope measures 12 inches. To braid the ropes together, approach the dough as you would hair. With 3 ropes next to each other on the sheet pan, hold the 2 outer sections, with the left rope in your left hand and the right rope in your right hand; the center rope will be resting on the sheet pan. Lift the left rope over the center rope and set it down so it is between the right rope and the center rope. Then pick up the old center section with your left hand and pull it to the left, creating more space between the ropes for the next move. Now, bring the right section over the center. Repeat the process, alternating sides, until the entire length of bread is braided. Press the ends of the strands together and tuck each end slightly under the loaf. Bake for 1 hour and 30 minutes, until golden brown and crusty.