Place the coriander seeds in a small frying pan over medium-high heat and dry roast for 5 minutes, until the seeds turn reddish—brown. When roasting spices, never leave the pan unattended-they burn easily. Transfer to a plate and set aside to cool completely. Using a spice grinder or mortar and pestle, grind the coriander seeds into a fine powder. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine the shrimp. 1 teaspoon of the turmeric. ½ teaspoon of the red chile powder. and ½ teaspoon of the salt. Mix well, cover, and set aside to marinate at room temperature for at least 20 minutes while you prep the remaining ingredients. In a 6-quart / 6-L sauté pan over medium-high heat. warm 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add the shrimp and sear. turning once to ensure even cooking, for a total of 2 minutes. Be careful not to cook the shrimp through, or they will be overcooked later. Remove from the heat. Carefully remove the shrimp from the pan and transfer to a clean bowl. Set aside. Return the sauté pan to medium-high heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil. Once the oil is hot, add the mustard seeds and cook for 30 seconds, until the seeds pop. Keep a lid handy, as the seeds can pop out of the pan. Carefully add the curry leaves and cook for 20 to 40 seconds, until the leaves wilt slightly. If you don’t have fresh leaves on hand, use dried or frozen ones. If you can’t find curry leaves, don’t worry—just omit them. Add the onion, the pinch of salt, the remaining 1 teaspoon of turmeric, the remaining 1 teaspoon of red chile powder, and the fresh chiles to the sauté pan. Cook, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking, for 3 to 5 minutes, until slightly browned. Add the ginger and garlic to the sauté pan and cook for 1 minute. Add the ground coriander and stir well. Reduce the heat to medium and add the tomatoes, the tamarind paste, the remaining 1 tablespoon of salt, and the brown sugar to the sauté pan. Simmer for 6 minutes, until the tomatoes start to break down. Slowly add the water, ¼ cup / 60 mL at a time, to the sauté pan and simmer for 10 to 12 minutes, until the oil starts to separate slightly and the ingredients start to pull together. Add the coconut milk and cook for 3 minutes, until warmed through. . Add the shrimp to the sauté pan and cook for 2 minutes, until they are cooked through and slightly opaque. Remove from the heat. . Transfer to a serving bowl. Serve immediately over a bed of the brown or white basmati rice.