To temper chocolate in a microwave, put chopped room-temperature chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl, preferably glass, and melt on high for 20 seconds. This should yield a slightly lumpy mix with about one-third of the chocolate still relatively solid, remove the bowl from the microwave and, using a rubber spatula, transfer the chocolate to a clean, cold bowl. Using a handheld immersion blender, beat the chocolate until it reaches 90°F (32°C) on a thermometer. This is an easy process, but it does take practiced guessing to estimate the initial two-thirds to one-third melting ratio. You can also temper chocolate by adding small chocolate pieces, called calets or pistoles, to melted chocolate. They are basically chocolate chips formed into slightly rounded disks. We sell them at Jacques Torres Chocolate for general use (even snacking), and many chocolate manufacturers sell them for use in commercial kitchens. How many pieces you need to add depends on both the temperature of the melted chocolate and the size of the pieces. You should always temper more chocolate than you think you need, as there is nothing more frustrating than being caught short in the middle of making something. Plus, a larger batch of tempered chocolate will hold its temperature longer. I often use a simple home hair dryer to ensure that the chocolate remains at the correct temperature by blowing the hot air directly over the tempered chocolate. You can also melt a bit more chocolate and add the hot, melted chocolate to the tempered chocolate to raise the temperature. I compare it to ordering an espresso that must be drunk quickly, as the small amount in the cup cools down fast, while a large cup of cappuccino remains hot as you slowly sip it. Plus, tempered chocolate can always be reused. Just pour it into a clean baking pan and seal it tightly with plastic film. When you are ready to use the chocolate, cut it into pieces and treat as though it is a fresh batch of chocolate to be tempered. If you are simply melting chocolate, never do it over direct heat. It melts best at a temperature of between 104° and 113°F (40° and 45°C) over indirect heat, such as over a hot-water bath. Microwave ovens also do a good job of melting chocolate. But no matter which method you use, always chop the chocolate into small pieces before you begin.