In the bowl of a stand mixer, using the whip attachment, combine the mascarpone, sugar, egg yolks, cream, rum, and salt on slow speed, gradually increasing the speed as the mixture becomes stable. Whip until you have a very fluffy cream, but don’t overwhip. Mascarpone curdles and separates with heavy agitation. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Line two baking sheets with parchment and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer, using the whip attachment, combine the egg whites on slow speed. Slowly add 1 cup of the sugar, gradually increasing the speed to create a stable meringue. Scoop the mixture into a separate bowl and refrigerate until ready to use. In the still-messy bowl, add the egg yolks, water, and the remaining 1 cup sugar and whip on high speed until you have a fluffy, ribbony mixture. In a large but shallow mixing bowl, add the egg yolk mixture and the reserved egg white mixture and combine gently using a rubber spatula. Be nice. Streaks are fine. The more you manipulate this, the less fluffy it will be later. Sift together the flour, cornstarch, and salt and gently combine them with the eggs until you can’t see any flour. Using a large spatula, distribute the batter onto the two baking sheets very gently. Don’t get all speed metal and go crazy smearing the batter everywhere. Think Barry White. Bake for 7 to 10 minutes, until the tops of the cakes are golden brown and still soft to the touch. Let the cakes cool completely in the pans. FOR ASSEMBLY Espresso, freshly brewed, cooled 3 cups Natural unsweetened cocoa powder, very best quality, to finish To serve: In a fancy shallow serving dish, spread a thin layer of the tiramisù cream. Add a layer of cake. Using a plastic squirt, bottle, soak the cake completely with the cooled espresso. Add another layer of tiramisù cream, another layer of cake, more espresso. Don’t be stingy with the espresso, OK? Finish with a last layer of cream. Spoon a few tablespoons of cocoa powder into a double layer of cheesecloth, pull it into a fist-size ball, and gently shake the cocoa onto the finished tiramisù until fully blanketed. Serve immediately, or hold in the refrigerator for no longer than 8 hours. Home made sponge cake or store-bought Savoiardi ladyfingers.