Prepare the pastry, dividing it into 2 pieces, making one piece slightly larger than the other. Form the larger piece into a disk, as usual. Form the other into the best rectangle that you can; both of these should be about ¾ inch thick. Wrap both pieces in plastic and refrigerate until firm enough to roll, about 1 hour. On a sheet of lightly floured waxed paper, roll the disk into a 13½-inch circle with a floured rolling pin. Invert the pastry over a 9-inch deep-dish pie pan. Center it, then peel off the paper. Gently tuck the pastry into the pan, without stretching it, and sculpt the overhang into an upstanding ridge. Refrigerate. While the pie shell chills, prepare the filling. Combine the apples, brown sugar, flour, cinnamon, and lemon juice in a large mixing bowl. Toss well to mix; set aside. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. On another lightly floured sheet of waxed paper, roll the other piece of dough into a rectangle about 12 inches long and 10 inches wide. Using a pizza cutter or knife, cut the pastry into lengthwise strips, each 1¼ inches wide. (Each strip, in other words, will be about 12 inches long by 1¼ inches wide.) Turn the pie filling into the pie shell, taking care to smooth the top so no apple pieces jut up (which could potentially tear the lattice). Place the butter pieces here and there over the top of the apples. Lay 5 pastry strips vertically across the pie, evenly spaced. Fold back strips 2 and 4, then lay another strip directly across the center of the pie. Unfold the folded dough strips, then fold back strips 1, 3, and 5. Lay another perpendicular strip across the pie. Unfold strips 1, 3, and 5, then fold them up the other way. Place another perpendicular strip across the pie, then unfold strips 1, 3, and 5. Trim the strips, then pinch the ends into the edge of the pastry. Lightly brush the pastry strips with milk and sprinkle the top of the pie with granulated sugar. Place the pie on a large, dark baking sheet covered with aluminum foil and bake on the center rack for 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees and bake until the top of the pie is golden brown and any visible juices bubble thickly, another 45 to 50 minutes. . Transfer the pie to a cooling rack and let cool for at least 1 hour before slicing.