Heat the oil in a nonstick skillet over high heat until very hot. Add the turkey and brown well over medium-high heat. Drain off any fat. Transfer the turkey to a food processor, add the cabbage, cilantro, half the scallions, and the gingerroot, and process just until the mixture is finely chopped. Turn into a bowl and stir in the sesame oil. Combine the cornstarch with 1 tablespoon of water to make a paste, then mix into the egg. Thoroughly combine with the turkey mixture. Return the mixture to the skillet and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, or until thickened and not wet. Remove from the heat and stir in the soy sauce and remaining chopped scallions. To make the wontons, place the wonton wrapper, with a corner point toward you, on a cutting board or other work surface. Place 1 teaspoon of the turkey mixture in the upper center of the wrapper. With a small pastry brush or your finger, moisten the two top edges of the wrapper. Fold the wrapper in half to form a triangle, pinching or pressing the edges firmly together. Place a dab of water on the three points of the triangle. Fold the right corner up to meet the top point. Fold the left corner up, over the right corner. Press with two fingers to tightly seal. Place on a cookie sheet lightly dusted with cornstarch. Repeat with remaining wontons. (At this point, you can freeze the wontons and defrost later as needed. Frozen wontons can be cooked in boiling water.) Before cooking, place a cookie sheet or roasting pan next to the stove and fill about ¼-inch deep with a little chicken stock or warm water. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook the wontons, in batches without crowding, for 5 minutes, or until they float to the top. Remove with a slotted spoon, and place on the cookie sheet or in the pan until ready to serve. They can remain at room temperature for 1 hour. Otherwise, refrigerate in the pan until ready to serve. Variation: STEAMED WONTONS First, sauté the wontons in batches of 10 or 12. For each batch, heat about 1 tablespoon of oil in a 12-inch skillet. Place the wontons in the pan and sauté over medium-high heat about 1 minute, or until lightly browned on one side. Add just enough water to cover to about ¼-inch depth (about 2/3 cup). Cover, lower the heat, and steam for 5 minutes. Uncover, and cook another minute or two, until all the water is absorbed. Serve with dipping sauce or in soup. Variation: STEAMED WONTONS First, sauté the wontons in batches of 10 or 12. For each batch, heat about 1 tablespoon of oil in a 12-inch skillet. Place the wontons in the pan and sauté over medium-high heat about 1 minute, or until lightly browned on one side. Add just enough water to cover to about ¼-inch depth (about 2/3 cup). Cover, lower the heat, and steam for 5 minutes. Uncover, and cook another minute or two, until all the water is absorbed. Serve with dipping sauce or in soup.