1 hour ahead of time: Infuse the cream: Slice open the vanilla bean and scrape out all the tiny seeds. Set the seeds aside on a small plate. In a saucepan, combine the cream, vanilla pod, and lemon verbena and cook over medium-high heat. When the cream is almost at a boil, remove from the heat, cover, and let the cream infuse for 20 minutes. Pass the hot cream through a strainer and into a bowl. Discard the solids. Transfer to the refrigerator and chill until the cream is cold enough to whip, at least 1 hour. Whip and cook the yolks: Place the egg yolks and 2 tablespoons sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer and whisk at medium speed. In a small saucepan, combine the remaining sugar, 3 tablespoons water, and the reserved vanilla bean seeds. Cook the syrup over medium-high heat until it reaches 248°F. With the mixer set on medium-high speed, quickly pour the hot syrup into the egg yolks in a continuous stream. Add the salt. Whisk the yolks until they become pale, have tripled in volume, and are just slightly warm. Whip the infused cream: Chill a stain less-steel mixing bowl in the refrigerator. Pour the cold infused cream into the bowl and whisk the cream until soft peaks form. Finish the parfait: Scrape the whipped cream into the yolks. Place a spatula in the center of the bowl, scrape the bottom, and bring the bottom over the top. Rotate the bowl 45 degrees and continue folding until the mixture is well combined. Pour into the parfait dishes and freeze for at least 4 hours. Serving Suggestions: This parfait can be served with any fruit in season. Gently toss the berries with a bit of sugar and let them macerate 10 minutes before serving. For a crunchy accompaniment, sprinkle some nut brittle over the parfait or serve a crispy wafer on the side. Variations: This parfait can be flavored with any herb or spice. Just steep the herb or spice of choice in the hot cream. Fig Leaf Parfait: Replace the lemon verbena with 2 chopped fig tree leaves. Black Mint Parfait: Replace the lemon verbena with 1½ ounces black mint leaves Black Walnut or Hazelnut Parfait: Replace the lemon verbena with 4 ounces (¾ cup) ground black walnuts or blanched hazelnuts. Do not strain and remove the nuts. Allow them to stay in the cream while you whip it.