Preheat the oven to 190C/170C Fan/Gas 5.To make the dough, put the flour in a large mixing bowl. Stir together 225ml/8fl oz water, the salt and oil, then gradually pour over the flour, mixing with your hands until a dough comes together in a rough ball. Turn out onto a floured work surface and knead for 2-3 minutes, until smooth, adding more flour if the dough is sticky. Wrap in cling film and set aside at room temperature. (If making in advance, refrigerate overnight and bring to room temperature before using).To make the filling, bring a large saucepan of water to the boil. Blanch the greens in batches, until just wilted. Drain and cool in a colander under cold running water. Divide into four balls and squeeze to remove as much water as possible. Chop coarsely and squeeze again.Heat the oil in a large frying pan over a medium heat. Add the onions and a pinch of salt and cook for 5 minutes, or until softened.  Add the cooked greens, season generously with salt and pepper and mix well.Turn off the heat and add the ricotta, half the Parmesan and a few gratings of nutmeg. Mix well and check the seasoning. Add all but 3 tablespoons of the beaten egg to the greens mixture and mix well. Allow to cool.Unwrap the dough, cut it into two pieces and form into balls. Using a rolling pin, roll out each ball into a very thin 30cm/12in circle. Place one dough circle on a 30cm/12in pizza pan or large baking tray lined with baking paper and brush lightly with oil.Spoon the greens evenly over the centre of the base so it is 5cm/2in thick, leaving a 2.5cm/1in border around the edge. Smooth the surface with a spoon and make five indents in the greens. Crack an egg into each indent. Sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan.Place the second dough circle on top and trim any excess dough. Fold the edges together and crimp to seal the pie. Brush with the reserved beaten egg and sprinkle with sugar (if using).Pierce two or three times with a sharp knife so the steam can escape. Bake for 45 minutes, or until well browned. Slide onto a cutting board and allow to cool slightly before slicing. Serve hot or at room temperature.