For the salsa, place the garlic, chilli, onion and coriander into a large pestle and mortar and crush to a paste.Add the tomato and crush together, before adding the beer and canned tomatoes. Mix to combine.Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Transfer this mixture to a pan (or a traditional Mexican lava stone pestle), place over a high heat and bring to the boil - take care if you're using a stone pestle as it will get very hot.Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Add more salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, and keep warm.For the molcajete base, heat a griddle pan until hot. Toss the chicken strips with olive oil and salt and freshly ground black pepper in a small bowl. Place the chicken onto the griddle pan to start cooking while you season the steak.Season the steak with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, and add the steak and chorizo to the griddle pan.Cook the meat for 2-3 minutes, then turn over and cook for a further another 2-3 minutes, or until cooked all the way through. Remove the meat from the griddle and set aside in a warm place to rest.Add the whole spring onions to the griddle pan and griddle for 1-2 minutes. Remove and set aside in a warm place.For the refried beans, heat a saucepan until hot and add the sunflower oil and onions and fry until golden-brown.Add the beans, along with the water from one of the cans. Stir, add the chicken stock and bring to the boil.Reduce the heat and simmer for 5-8 minutes.Remove the beans from the heat and allow to cool slightly. Purée with a hand-held blender and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Reheat the beans if necessary.To serve, toast the tortillas under the grill.The salsa should either be served hot in the lava stone pestle, or, if using a saucepan, pour into a normal kitchen pestle and mortar and serve from there.Slice the steak and place into the salsa in the pestle, along with the chorizo and chicken. Garnish the top with the grilled spring onions, avocado and chopped coriander. Serve the refried beans and toasted tortillas alongside.