For the banana and treacle pudding, butter the insides of a large pudding basin thoroughly. Put the golden syrup in the base, then arrange the sliced banana on top.Cream the butter and sugar together, then add the eggs one at a time with a tablespoon of flour after each one. Incorporate the rest of the flour and the banana. Add a squeeze of lime juice to loosen the consistency slightly, then scrape the mixture into the pudding basin.Cover the basin with a sheet of greaseproof paper (or foil) with a pleat folded down the middle (this lets the air expand during cooking). Put an upturned heatproof saucer or small trivet in a large, deep saucepan, and place the pudding basin on top. Add enough just-boiled water to the pan to come halfway up the sides of the basin. Cover the pan with a tight-fitting lid and place over a low heat. Allow to steam in the gently simmering water for 2 hours, adding more water to the pan if necessary. (Make sure the pan does not boil dry.) The pudding is done when a skewer inserted into the centre of the pudding (through the foil or paper) comes out clean. When done, turn off the heat and carefully lift the basin from the water. Leave to stand for 5 minutes.Discard the aluminium foil and paper. Run a cutlery knife around the edge of the pudding to loosen the sides. Carefully invert onto a deep plate and remove the basin.While the pudding is steaming, make the custard. Put the milk and the cream into a saucepan with the vanilla pod or extract. Bring almost to the boil, then remove from the heat and leave it so the flavours will infuse until it cools.Whisk the egg yolks and sugar together until pale with a foamy, aerated texture. Reheat the milk and cream again until just below boiling point. Strain the milk mixture through a sieve into a jug and rinse out the saucepan.Slowly pour the milk mixture over the eggs, whisking constantly as you do so, then pour back into the saucepan. Set over a very low heat and stir constantly until the custard has thickened slightly and you can draw a line through it when it coats the back of a spoon.Strain the custard again and stir in the banana liqueur, if using.To serve, turn the pudding out onto a plate and serve with the custard.