For the beef jhal faraizi, boil the potatoes in a pan of salted water and set aside to cool. Once cool, peel them and cut into 7mm/⅓in cubes.Heat the oil in a large frying pan, preferably non-stick, over a medium-high heat. When hot, add the cumin seeds. Let them sizzle for five seconds, then add the onion, cooked potatoes and chillies.Lower the heat to medium and stir-fry the mixture for 4-5 minutes, or until the onion has softened and is translucent. Add the beef, salt and lots of freshly ground black pepper, then stir-fry for a further minute.Reduce the heat to medium-low. Press down on all the ingredients in the pan with a spatula to form a flat cake that fills the pan. Continue to cook for 12-15 minutes, turning the pan so that the bottom of the ‘cake’ browns evenly. Keep warm.For the karhai broccoli, heat the oil in a karhai (or lidded wok or frying pan) over a medium-high heat.When the oil is hot, add the asafoetida, cumin and mustard seeds (be aware of mustard seeds popping out of the pan into your eyes). As soon as the mustard seeds begin to pop, add the broccoli. Stir-fry for one minute, then add the salt and cayenne pepper.Pour in four tablespoons of water and bring the mixture to a simmer. Cover the pan with a lid, lower the heat until the mixture is simmering gently and cook for 7-8 minutes, or until the broccoli is just tender, stirring now and then.Meanwhile, for the sweet-and-sour butternut squash, heat the oil in a lidded pan over a medium heat. When hot, add the asafoetida and mustard seeds. As soon as the seeds start to pop - a matter of seconds - add the squash.Stir-fry the squash for 2-3 minutes, or until the pieces just start to brown. Add 50ml/2fl oz water, cover the pan with a lid, lower the heat and cook for 8-10 minutes, or until the squash is tender.Add the salt, sugar, cayenne pepper and yoghurt. Stir until well combined and cook, uncovered, over a medium heat, until the yoghurt mixture has warmed through. Stir in the fresh coriander.To serve, break up the the beef jhal faraizi into four equal portions and serve it hot with the karahi broccoli and squash.