For the crème pâtissière, pour the milk into a saucepan and add the vanilla pod. Bring to the boil, then remove from the heat and leave to infuse until back to room temperature.Put the egg yolks and sugar into a bowl and whisk until well combined and starting to turn pale. Whisk in the cornflour.Reheat the milk, then transfer to a jug, discarding the vanilla pod. Rinse out the saucepan. Pour the milk into the egg and sugar mixture from a height, whisking constantly, then transfer back to the saucepan.Stir on a low to medium heat until thickened. Transfer to a bowl and cover with cling film, making sure the cling film sits on top of the surface of the crème pâtissière to stop it from forming a skin. When it has cooled down, transfer to the fridge to chill.Preheat the oven to 180C/Fan 160C/Gas 4. Line a 30x20cm/12x8in Swiss roll tin with baking parchment.Sift the plain flour and baking powder into a bowl with the ground almonds. Add a pinch of salt.Whisk the eggs and sugar together with an electric hand whisk or in a stand mixer until the mixture is pale with an aerated, mousse-like texture – it should also leave a ribbon trail. Add the almond extract.Add the flour and almond mixture and fold in very gently but thoroughly with a metal spoon.Pour the mixture into the prepared Swiss roll tin and spread with a palate knife to make sure it is even. Bake for around 10-12 minutes, or until lightly browned and springy to touch.Remove from the oven and turn out onto a cooling rack. Peel off the baking parchment and leave to cool.To assemble, transfer the sponge to a lightly moistened tea towel. Spread over the jam, then top with the crème pâtissière. Spread evenly with a palate knife, leaving a wide (at least 5cm/2in) border along the top (the filling will spill over otherwise) and a narrower one (2cm/¾in) on each side.Carefully roll up from the bottom, pulling the roll up and over to try and stop the filling falling out, until you have a roll. Do not worry if it cracks a little.Sprinkle with icing sugar and the toasted almonds. Serve.