For the pasta (if making by hand), put the flour in a large bowl, then make a well in the centre. Add the eggs, olive oil and salt and whisk together in the centre. Gradually pull a little bit of flour in each time you stir the mixture. You want to gradually add the flour to the eggs to make a smooth firm dough. Flatten the dough into a disc about 1cm/½in thick, then wrap in cling film and chill for 20 minutes in the fridge.When the pasta is chilled, remove and place on a lightly floured work surface. Cut in half then use a rolling pin to flatten the dough to a rectangle, turning the pasta as you go to make sure you have an even thickness. Roll each piece of pasta to about 2mm thick – the thinner the better. When the pasta is as thin as you can go, cut into strips about 3mm wide for tagliatelle or thinner for linguine.Hang over a rolling pin or similar so that the pasta can dry slightly while you make the sauce.To make the pasta by machine: tip the flour into a food processor, then add the eggs, olive oil and salt and pulse until the mixture forms small crumbs. Tip out on to a work surface and squash into a ball, then knead, pulling the dough together for a couple of minutes, until smooth.Flour the rollers of the pasta machine. Cut the pasta in half and using a rolling pin, roll to about 5mm thick rectangle. Starting at the thickest setting, feed the dough through the machine, turning the handle with one hand and holding the dough as it comes through the machine with the other. Change the setting on the pasta machine to the next-thickest setting, flour it again if needed and feed the pasta sheet through the machine the same way. Keep going, making the opening smaller each time – you might need to cut the pasta in half lengthways as it gets towards the end. Fold the pasta in half lengthways then cut into strips as above.For the sauce, add the broccoli to boiling water for 4-5 minutes until just tender.Meanwhile, bring a large saucepan of salted water to the boil. Add the pasta and cook for 3-4 minutes until it rises to the surface. Drain into a colander, reserving some of the cooking water.Add the broccoli to the pasta and add the anchovies and mix well to combine. Add 2 tablespoons of the cooking water and cook for 1 minute stirring as you go. The pasta should be coated in the broccoli and anchovy.Pile the pasta into serving bowls, then top with the Parmesan.