For the pastry, sift the flour, cocoa powder and icing sugar into a bowl. Add the butter and rub together using your fingers until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs. Add the egg yolks and mix together until it forms a dough. Add a little ice-cold water if the pastry feels dry. Wrap the dough in cling film and place in the fridge to rest for at least an hour.Preheat the oven to 170C/340F/Gas 3½.When the pastry is rested, lightly flour a work surface and roll out the dough into a circle about the thickness of a £1 coin. Lay the pastry over the tart case and gently push down to line, taking care to get the pastry right into the edges. Line the pastry with baking parchment and fill with baking beans or uncooked rice. Place the tart on a baking tray and bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes.Carefully remove the baking parchment and beans and place the tart back in the oven to cook for a further 10-20 minutes, or until the base looks dry. Remove the tart from the oven and allow to cool. Once cooled, trim the pastry to tidy up the edges.For the filling, break up the milk chocolate and place into a bowl over a pan of barely simmering water. Do not let the bowl touch the water. Once melted, remove the bowl from the heat.In a pan over a medium heat, bring the double cream and amaretto to the boil. Pour the cream mixture over the melted chocolate, whisking everything together well. Pour this mixture into the cooked tart case and cool to room temperature before placing the tart in the fridge for 30 minutes, or until set.For the topping, preheat the oven to 190C/375F/Gas 5 and place the almonds on a baking tray. Place in the oven and cook for 8-10 minutes, or until they are toasted and lightly browned. Remove from the oven and leave to cool for a few minutes. Line a tray or plate with baking parchment.Put the caster sugar and 50ml/2fl oz water in a pan over a medium heat and cook until the sugar starts to colour. Stir in the almonds and mix until the sugar coats the almonds to give a frosted appearance. Transfer the almonds to the lined tray or plate and leave to cool. Once completely cooled, roughly chop the almonds into pieces.For the coffee cream, mix the dissolved coffee granules and coffee liquor to a paste in a large bowl and add the sugar. Pour in the double cream and whisk to firm peaks, being careful not to over-whip it. Cover with cling film and place in the fridge until needed.Check that the tart has set. If not, leave it in the fridge for a further 20 minutes. Once set, cover with grated chocolate and sprinkle with the coffee beans and frosted almonds. Serve with the whipped coffee cream.