Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.For the quinoa, tomatillo and preserved lemon salad, heat a frying pan over a medium to high heat. Add the olive oil and fry the red onion slices for 5-10 minutes, or until the onion slices have caramelised.Add the smoked paprika and sherry vinegar, stir well and fry until the liquid has evaporated.Mix together the remaining salad ingredients in a bowl, then add the frying pan contents and stir until well combined. Set aside.Meanwhile, for the toasted seeds, heat a frying pan over a medium heat. Add the olive oil, then fry the curry leaves for a few seconds until fragrant.Add all of the seeds and stir continuously until well combined and coated in the oil, shaking the pan regularly. Fry for 4-5 minutes, or until the seeds are golden-brown and toasted, then remove the pan from the heat.Add the amchur and salt, to taste, and stir well. Set aside and keep warm.For the chermoula-baked sea bass, place the sea bass fillets into a medium-sized glass bowl. Add all of the remaining chermoula-baked sea bass ingredients except the olive oil, mix until well combined, then set aside to marinate for 30 minutes.When the sea bass has marinated, shake any excess marinade from the sea bass fillets. Heat an ovenproof frying pan over a medium heat, add the olive oil, then add the sea bass fillets and fry for 1-2 minutes on each side, or until browned on both sides. Transfer to the oven and continue to cook for 4-6 minutes, or until cooked through (the sea bass is cooked through when the flesh is opaque).Meanwhile, for the tahini cream, whisk all of the tahini cream ingredients in a bowl for 2 minutes, or until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt.Just before serving, mix half of the toasted seeds into the quinoa, tomatillo and preserved lemon salad until combined.To serve, divide the quinoa, tomatillo and preserved lemon salad equally among four to six serving plates. Divide the chermoula-baked sea bass fillets among the servings. Sprinkle over the remaining toasted seeds. Drizzle the tahini cream and a little extra virgin olive oil around the edge of the plates. Place two lime wedges alongside each serving.