For the chicken Kiev, preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6.Place the garlic bulbs in tin foil and drizzle with the oil and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Fold the tin foil over to create a sealed parcel. Roast in the oven for 15-20 minutes, or until soft.Put the butter into a bowl. Squeeze one of the roasted bulbs of garlic from the skin, and add to the butter with the parsley and mix. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Place a sheet of cling film on a clean work surface. Spoon the garlic butter onto the cling film, then pull the edge of the cling film on top of the butter and mould the butter into a log shape. Twist the ends of the cling film to seal and chill in the fridge for at least an hour, or until needed.Heat the oil in a deep-fat fryer to 160C. Alternatively, heat the oil in a deep, heavy-based saucepan until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns golden-brown when dropped into it. (Caution: Hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.)While the oil is heating, carefully cut a deep pocket in each of the chicken breasts, inserting the knife into the bone end, just under the bone.Remove the cling film from the chilled garlic butter and cut into 1cm/½in thick slices. Stuff each chicken breast with a few slices of garlic butter, pushing them into the chicken as far as possible.Sprinkle the flour onto a plate. Beat the eggs in a bowl. Scatter the breadcrumbs onto another plate. Dust each chicken breast first in the flour, then dip into the beaten egg, then roll in the breadcrumbs until completely coated.Carefully lower the chicken Kiev’s into the hot oil, two at a time, and fry for 8-10 minutes, or until the breadcrumbs are golden-brown and the chicken is cooked through. Set the chicken Kiev’s aside on a plate lined with kitchen paper to drain and keep warm. Repeat the process with the remaining two Kiev’s.For the garlic and cheese croutons, heat a large griddle pan. Preheat a grill to high.Drizzle the cut ciabatta with the olive oil and place cut side down on the griddle and cook for 1-2 minutes.Meanwhile heat a medium frying pan and add the pancetta. Cook on each side for 1-2 minutes or until crisp.Remove the bread from the griddle and spread it with the remaining roasted garlic. Top with the pancetta and grated cheese. Put on a baking sheet and grill until the cheese has melted.Remove from the grill and when cool enough to handle cut into 2cm/1in crouton shapes and set aside.For the salad, place all the leaves in a large bowl and mix to combine.In a separate small bowl add the oil, vinegar, mustard and whisk. Gradually add the oil until you have a dressing consistency. Just before serving add the dressing to the leaves and mix. Add the diced croutons to the salad and mix again.To serve, put a chicken Kiev on each serving plate along with some salad.