To prepare the garlic herb butter: place the herbs in a bowl and add the softened butter. To crush the garlic sprinkle a little rock salt onto a chopping board. Using the edge of your knife and using a paddling motion crush the garlic into a smooth paste. Add to the butter mixture. Add the mustard and pepper and mix together with a fork.Divide the butter into four and set aside until ready to use. Plunge your hands into a bowl of cold water before moulding the butter. Roll each in greaseproof paper to form a torpedo shape. Place in the fridge for 30 minutes to allow the butter to harden. (The herb butter may be used with fish, meat and chicken.)Place the chicken breasts, with the bone attached, smooth side down onto a cutting board. Remove the four baby (or excess) fillets and set aside. Make a vertical cut down the length of the chicken breast, but not all the way through.Place the four breasts between cling film and bash with a rolling pin to ensure an even fillet. Repeat the process with the smaller (baby) fillets. This will stop any garlic butter from leaking out from the sides of the chicken.Place the breast fillets onto a board, rough side up and season with pepper. Unwrap the garlic herb butter and place each garlic butter torpedo down the centre of each breast. Place the smaller fillets on top of the butter, pushing down to seal and roll up. Make a torpedo shape at the bottom of each fillet.Place the breadcrumbs into a shallow dish. Grate the parmesan cheese directly into the breadcrumbs and mix together. Place the flour and beaten eggs into two separate shallow dishes.Dip each chicken breast into the flour, making sure each is coated. Repeat the process with the egg, and then the parmesan breadcrumbs, making sure at each stage each breast is well coated. Chill for 30 minutes. Repeat and chill for a further 30 minutes or until ready to cook.Heat the oil in a large pan or a deep fat fryer to 180C/350F/Gas4. Add the chicken breasts and fry until golden for 8-10 minutes and drain onto kitchen paper.Serve immediately with herbed rice.