For the churros, heat the oil in a deep-fat fryer to 180C. Alternatively, heat the oil in a deep heavy-based frying pan until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns brown when dropped into it. (CAUTION: Hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.)Heat the butter with 125ml/4fl oz water in a saucepan until the mixture boils, then boil for another minute.Remove from the heat and beat in the flour and cayenne with a wooden spoon until smooth, or until the mixture comes away from the side of the pan. Return the pan to the heat and cook for 1-2 minutes, stirring continuously.Remove the pan from the heat and beat in the eggs, one at a time, beating well before adding the other egg.Stir in the white and brown crabmeat until well combined, season with salt and pepper.Spoon the mixture into a piping bag and pipe 1.5cm/½in long sections into the oil and fry for 1-2 minutes, or until golden-brown and crisp. Remove the churros and set aside to drain on kitchen paper, season with salt.For the chilli jam, heat the sugar in a heavy-based saucepan over a medium heat until it melts and forms a golden-brown caramel (CAUTION: boiling sugar is extremely hot. Handle very carefully.)Blend all of the remaining chilli jam ingredients, except the crème fraîche, in a food processor to a smooth purée.Once the sugar has caramelised, add in the purée and stir well. Bring the mixture to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until sticky and jam-like. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Once cool, stir in the crème fraîche until well combined.For the dressed crab place the egg yolks, vinegar and mustard in a food processor and blend until pale and creamy. With the motor running, pour in enough oil, in a steady stream, to make a thick mayonnaise. Mix in the lime zest and juice. Mix 4 tablespoons of the mayonnaise into the fresh white crab.For the salad, mix the leaves in a large bowl and dress with a little of the chilli jam.Serve the salad leaves on a serving plate with the dressed crab, churros and chilli jam.