Preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4.For the crème caramels, put 175g/6oz sugar and 3 tablespoons water in a pan and bring to the boil. Cook for 4-5 minutes, or until the sugar is dissolved and turns a caramel colour. (CAUTION: boiling sugar is very hot.) Carefully pour a little of the caramel into the bottom of 4 large ramekins or cups, carefully swirling the caramel up the sides. Set aside to cool and harden.Put the cream and vanilla pod in the pan that the caramel was made in and bring to a simmer.Place the eggs and remaining 50g/1¾oz sugar in a bowl and whisk together until smooth, then pour the hot cream over, whisking all the time. Pass through a sieve and pour into the caramel-lined ramekins.Place the ramekins in a deep roasting tin and pour enough hot water into the roasting tin to come two-thirds of the way up the sides of the ramekins. Bake for 15-20 minutes, or until just set but still have a bit of wobble (the exact time will depend on the size of the ramekins). Remove from the roasting tin and allow to cool completely before placing in the fridge to chill for 1-2 hours.For the biscotti, preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4 and line a baking tray with baking parchment.In a large bowl, mix the flour, sugar and baking powder. Add half the beaten eggs and mix well, then add half of what's left and mix again. Stir in the remaining eggs a little at a time until the dough takes shape but isn't too wet (you may not need all the eggs.) Work in the fruit, nuts and lemon zest until well combined.Divide the dough equally into six pieces. Wet your hands and roll each piece into a sausage shape about 5cm/2in wide and place well apart on the baking tray.Lightly flatten the 'sausages' and bake for about 20 minutes, or until golden-brown. Remove from the oven and leave to cool and harden for 10 minutes.Using a serrated knife, cut the 'sausages' on an angle into very thin slices and lay them cut-side down on the baking tray. (You may need another baking tray, or to do the next step in batches.)Return the biscuits to the oven and bake for 8 minutes, then turn the slices over and cook for a further 8-10 minutes, or until they are a pale golden colour. Remove from the oven and cool on wire racks. When completely cold, the biscotti can be stored in airtight jars for a week.To serve, turn the crème caramels out onto serving plates and place the biscotti alongside.