For the duck, score a diamond pattern across the duck skin then season both sides with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Heat a frying pan until hot and add the duck breasts, skin-side down.Turn the heat down to low and cook for six minutes on each side for pink (or eight minutes on both sides for well-done).Remove the duck from the pan and rest on a warm plate, covered with aluminium foil.Pour off most of the excess duck fat from the pan and turn up the heat (the duck fat can be reserved for roasting potatoes).Add the star anise, cinnamon, cloves and orange zest to the pan and fry for one minute.Add the port and bring to a simmer, stirring to remove any residual duck juices from the pan. Add the chicken stock and boil for three minutes over a high heat, until the sauce has reduced and thickened.Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.Heat a separate frying pan until hot and add the butter, black pudding and pear and fry for 1-2 minutes on each side until golden-brown. Keep warm while you prepare the potatoes.For the mash, place the potatoes into a saucepan and cover with water, then add a pinch of salt. Bring to the boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 15-18 minutes, until tender.Drain the potatoes and return them to the pan over a low heat to remove any excess moisture.Using a potato masher or ricer, mash the potatoes well. Fold in the butter and milk and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Cover to keep warm while you prepare the cabbage.For the cabbage, heat a frying pan until hot, add the pancetta and cook for two minutes until golden-brown.Add the maple syrup and stir to coat the pancetta. Add the cabbage and stir again. Cook for 2-3 minutes, until the cabbage has wilted. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Keep warm.To serve, carve the duck into thick diagonal slices. Spoon the mash onto each plate and top with the duck. Spoon a pile of cabbage alongside. Top the cabbage with the black pudding and pear and spoon the sauce over.