For the confit of duck, preheat the oven to 140C/120C Fan/Gas 1.Mix the salt, herbs and garlic in a bowl. Add the duck legs, cover them in the mixture. Cover the bowl and leave in the fridge for 24 hours.Rinse the salt mixture from the duck legs. Put them in an ovenproof saucepan with the duck fat and bay leaves. Bring the pan up to a simmer, cover and place in the oven for 2½ hours. Remove from the oven, lift the duck legs out of the fat and set aside.For the rough puff pastry, place the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and use your hands to rub the butter into the flour.When the flour and butter mixture resembles breadcrumbs, add the cold water. Mix it in with a round-tipped knife to keep the mixture cool. When the mixture comes together to form a dough, turn it out onto a clean, floured work surface and knead briefly until just smooth.Form the dough into a rectangular block (this will make it easier to roll out later), wrap in cling film and refrigerate for 20 minutes.Roll the dough out on a clean, floured work surface into a rectangle approximately 40x20cm/16x8in.Take one of the short edges of the pastry and fold one-third of the dough into the centre, then fold the other third over that. Turn the pastry by 90 degrees and repeat the rolling and folding.Wrap the pastry in cling film, refrigerate for 20 minutes, and then repeat the rolling and folding.Wrap the pastry block in cling film and refrigerate for 30 minutes more before using.For the fig tart, preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6.Heat the sugar in a 24cm/9½in ovenproof frying pan over a low heat until it has caramelised. Add the butter and heat gently until the mixture forms a smooth caramel. Turn off the heat and carefully place the figs in the hot caramel, cut-side up.Roll the chilled pastry out onto a floured work surface to a 5mm/¼in thickness. Cut the pastry into a circle slightly larger than the frying pan.Place the pastry circle over the figs. Tuck the edges of the pastry inside the pan to surround the figs.Transfer to the oven and bake for 20-25 minutes, or until the pastry is risen, golden-brown and cooked through. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool for 5-10 minutes.For the lentils, heat a pan and add the butter and oil. Once hot, add the bacon lardons and cook until lightly browned then add the onion and cook for 2 minutes, Add the garlic, carrot, celery and leek and cook for a further 2 minutes.Add the lentils and red wine and bring to the boil. Cook until the wine has reduced in volume by half then add the stock and cook for 25-30 minutes. Finish with the sherry vinegar and fresh coriander.When you are ready to serve, heat a medium frying pan and add the butter, once hot add the duck and colour on both sides and add the honey and glaze.Loosen the edges of the tart and place a large serving plate or board on top of the frying pan. Very carefully, but quickly, turn it over, using a folded dry tea towel to help you hold it, and allow the tarte tatin to drop gently onto the serving plate.Put the cooked lentils in a serving bowl and place the duck on top. Finish with the jus or stock.