Preheat the grill to its highest setting.For the salmon, mix together the fennel seeds and chopped fennel leaves in a bowl.Brush each salmon fillet with a little oil, and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Rub a good coating of the fennel mixture onto the salmon fillets, pressing gently but firmly onto each fillet to ensure the coating sticks.Place the salmon fillets, coated-side down, onto a lightly oiled baking tray. Place under the grill and cook for 3-4 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish fillet. Carefully turn the fillets over and grill the coated side of the salmon (the coating will brown and crisp up slightly). Grill for a further 3-4 minutes, or until completely cooked through.For the vinaigrette, place the red wine and shallots into a small pan over a medium heat and bring to the boil. Lower the heat slightly and simmer until the wine has reduced by half.Turn the heat down low and whisk in the butter, a little bit at a time. Do not allow this sauce to come to the boil again.Season, to taste, with the sugar and salt, and keep in a warm place until ready to serve.For the fennel mash, place the potatoes into a saucepan over a high heat, cover with water and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, until cooked, then drain and return to the pan. Mash the potatoes until smooth, then set aside.Heat a large pan until hot, then add the butter, fennel and fennel seeds and fry gently for about 10-15 minutes, over a low heat, with the lid on, until all the fennel pieces are soft.Add the cream, increase the heat and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer for 4-5 minutes, until the cream has thickened slightly and the fennel is completely cooked.Transfer the fennel mixture to a food processor and blend to a smooth purée then pour into the pan of mashed potatoes. Stir well and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.To serve, place a spoonful of the mashed potatoes into the centre of each plate. Top each with a salmon fillet and spoon the vinaigrette around.