Put each escalope between two sheets of cling film and flatten using a rolling pin until 0.5cm/¼in thick. Remove the cling film and season the escalopes. Divide the jamón Ibérico, manchego and peppers between the four escalopes and neatly roll each one up. Secure with a toothpick.Put the flour, eggs and breadcrumbs in separate shallow bowls. One by one, dust the escalopes first in the flour, then dip them into the eggs, then roll them in the breadcrumbs until completely coated. Leave to rest for 1 hour, covered, in the fridge.Meanwhile, make the romesco sauce. Preheat the grill to high and grill the tomatoes for 5–7 minutes, or until their skins are blackened and the flesh is cooked. Put in a bowl and allow to cool. Once cool enough to handle, remove the skins and put the flesh and juice in a food processor.Heat the oil in a frying pan over a medium–high heat and toast the almonds, hazelnuts and bread until golden brown. Allow to cool.Cut open the soaked ñora pepper and scrape out the flesh using a spoon. Add to the food processor with the garlic and toasted bread-nut mixture. Add the vinegar and pulse until you have a chunky paste. Season with salt and pepper.Heat a deep-fat fryer to 180C. (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.). Slice the potatoes very thinly using a mandolin and fry for 2–4 minutes, or until golden. Drain on kitchen paper and season with salt. Fry the escalopes for 5–8 minutes, or until cooked through. Drain on kitchen paper.For the calamari, put the flours in large bowl, add the sparkling water and salt and whisk to form a batter. Split the batter in two and add the squid ink to one. Dip the squid into the two batters one at a time. Lower them into the oil and fry for 4 minutes, or until cooked (you will need to do this in batches). Drain on kitchen paper.To make the aioli, beat the egg yolks with the vinegar and garlic and seasoning. Gradually beat in the oil until you have a thick glossy mayonnaise. Season with lemon juice and a little more salt and pepper, if needed. Split the aioli in two and add the squid ink to one.To serve, halve and toast the rolls. Spread the two types of  aioli onto each half, lay the squid on the bottom halves, drizzle with more aioli and top with the lids. Spoon some romesco sauce onto the middle of four warmed plates, cut the escalopes in half and place on top, with some crisps sprinkled with pimentón and chives. Eat immediately!