Preheat the oven to 190C/325F/Gas 5.For the chicken, cut the meat around the end of the wing bone and push down towards the breast, exposing the bone. Taking great care, using the heel of the knife, cut off the small knuckle at the end of the bone to leave a clean straight bone. Carefully lift the skin away from the breast meat, starting at the end furthest away from the bone, but leaving it intact and still attached at the bone end.Place the chervil, flatleaf parsley, parmesan, garlic, salt and peppercorns into a pestle and mortar and pound to a paste. Add the extra virgin olive oil and pound once more to a smooth paste. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Spoon the herb mixture onto the chicken breasts, then smooth the skin back down to cover the herbs.Heat half the butter and the olive oil in an ovenproof frying pan, add the chicken breasts, skin-side down and fry for two minutes, until the skin is crisp and golden-brown then, turn over and cook for another minute. Transfer to the oven for 15 minutes, until the chicken is golden-brown and cooked through. (The chicken is cooked through when the juices run clear when pierced in the thickest part with a skewer.) Remove and rest for five minutes.Heat a frying pan until hot, add the red wine and cook until the volume of the liquid has reduced by a third, then add the chicken stock and cook until the volume of the liquid has reduced by a half. Add any chicken juices from the rested chicken, season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and add the remaining butter.For the cabbage, heat a deep-sided frying pan until hot, add half the butter, the shallot and garlic and sweat for 1-2 minutes. Add the bacon and cook for two minutes until just starting to crisp. Add the cabbage and chestnuts, sauté for 1 minute then add the rest of the butter and the water. Bring to a boil, turn down the heat and simmer gently for 4-5 minutes until the cabbage is tender and the sauce reduced slightly. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.To serve, spoon the cabbage into the centre of each plate, cut each chicken breast into three slices and place on top of the cabbage. Spoon the sauce around the edge and garnish with a sprig of chervil.