For the pastry, put the flours, thyme and salt in a mixing bowl. Make a well in the middle and pour in 150ml/5fl oz water. Stir to combine, then knead for a minute until well combined. Wrap in cling film and refrigerate for 30 minutes.Cut the butter in half horizontally. Place a piece between baking paper and roll out so it is 14cm/5½in wide and 13cm/5in deep. Return to the fridge while you roll out the pastry.Put the dough on a lightly floured work surface and roll into a rectangle approximately 15x45cm/6x18in. With a short side nearest you, put one piece of butter on the bottom third of pastry and fold over. Put the second piece of butter on top of the folded over section and bring the top section of the pastry over to cover butter. Pinch the edges together so the butter is sealed in the dough. Turn so that a short edge is facing you and roll out to a 15x40cm/6x16cm rectangle, fold into three (like a letter), wrap in cling film and refrigerate for 30 minutes.Put the dough on a lightly floured work surface, with short edge nearest to you roll out to 15x40cm/6x16in, fold the bottom third up and top third down. Give the dough a quarter turn and roll out and fold as before. Wrap in cling film and refrigerate for 30 minutes.With the short edge facing you, roll out and fold as before, turn a quarter turn and roll out, this time cover the dough with the grated Parmesan before folding. Wrap in cling film and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Repeat, but without sprinkling with Parmesan.For the filling, first make a tapenade. Put the olives, capers, anchovy paste, vinegar, garlic and thyme in food processor and pulse until you have a fairly smooth paste.To finish, roll the dough out to a large rectangle and trim to make a neat rectangle approximately 30x24cm/12x9½in. Soften the goats’ cheese a little in a bowl by mashing with a fork. Add the tapenade and mix well.Spread the filling over the pastry and arrange the Parma ham evenly over the top. Roll up the pastry tightly starting at a short edge until you reach the middle, then repeat on other side. Where the two rolls meet brush with a little water and gently press together to help them hold the shape. Cut into 1cm/½in thick slices, using a large serrated knife. Place well apart on greased baking trays and chill for 20 minutes.Preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6.Bake for 20 minutes or until the pastry is crisp. If they are still uncooked in the middle, turn them over and return to the oven for a further 2–3 minutes. Remove from the oven and leave to cool on the tray before serving.