For the goat and sweetcorn curry, mix together the goat meat, yoghurt, coriander, turmeric and salt in a large bowl. Cover and set aside to marinate for one hour.Meanwhile, for the chickpea bread, mix together the gram flour and plain flour in a large bowl until well combined.Add the salt, ginger, chillies, coriander, ajwain seeds, black onion seeds and ground turmeric and mix until well combined.Make a well in the centre of the dry ingredients. Gradually add the oil and water, stirring well, until the mixture comes together as a dough (you may not need to use all of the water). Cover the dough with a damp tea towel and set aside to rest for 15-20 minutes.When the goat meat has marinated, continue with the goat and sweetcorn curry. Blend the onion, garlic and chillies to a smooth paste in a food processor, then set aside.When the goat meat has marinated, heat the ghee in a heavy-based frying pan over a medium heat. Add the cumin seeds, green and black cardamom pods, cloves and bay leaves and fry until the spices begin to crackle and pop and smell fragrant. (CAUTION: Popping seeds can be dangerous. Cover the pan with a lid and keep away from your eyes and face.)Add the marinated goat meat to the pan and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until browned on all sides. Add the onion, garlic and chilli paste, stir well and continue to cook for 2-3 minutes.Reduce the heat slightly and pour in the lamb stock. Bring the liquid to the boil, then reduce the heat until the mixture is simmering. Continue to simmer for 30 minutes, or until the goat is tender.Add the chopped sweetcorn and continue to simmer gently for 8-10 minutes, stirring continuously, until the sweetcorn starts to break down.Meanwhile, divide the dough for the chickpea bread into 8 pieces and roll each into a ball. Flatten each ball slightly between the palms of your hands, and top with some of the chopped red onion and spring onion.Roll the dough balls out onto a lightly floured work surface to a diameter of 20cm/8in.Heat a large frying pan over a medium to high heat. When the pan is hot, add one of the chickpea bread discs and cook for 3-4 minutes, then brush the uncooked uppermost side with a little ghee. Turn the flatbread over and continue to cook for a further 3-4 minutes, or until golden-brown on both sides. Brush the cooked uppermost side of the bread with a little more ghee. Repeat the process with the remaining chickpea breads. Keep the cooked chickpea breads warm while you cook the remaining bread discs.To serve, divide the goat and sweetcorn curry equally among four to six serving plates. Squeeze over a little lemon juice and sprinkle with fresh coriander. Serve with the warm chickpea bread.