For the caramelised artichokes and purée, bring a large pan of salted water to the boil and cook the artichokes for 10–15 minutes until cooked through. Drain and set aside.Heat the butter in a frying pan and caramelise lightly, then add the artichokes and cook until golden-brown.Place half the cooked Jerusalem artichokes in a blender and blitz until smooth. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. Keep the rest of the caramelised Jerusalem artichokes warm to serveTo make the Jerusalem artichoke crisps, fill a deep-fat fryer or a large, deep, heavy-bottomed pan two-thirds full with the oil. Heat to 180C (a cube of bread should turn brown in one minute when dropped in.) CAUTION: Hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended. Fry the Jerusalem artichoke slices until crisp and golden-brown. Drain on kitchen paper and season with salt. Set aside.To make the risotto, preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6. Place the onions in a roasting tin and drizzle with olive oil, wrap the garlic bulb in foil and place on the tray and roast for 30–40 minutes, until caramelised. Remove the roasted garlic from the skins and roughly chop the roasted onions.Heat one tablespoon of the oil with the butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan, add the caramelised garlic and onions and cook for 2 minutes, then add the rice and mix well. Pour in the wine and allow to evaporate, then add the chicken stock and season with salt and pepper. Cook over a medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, for about 15 minutes, or until the rice is cooked. Finely grate a little black truffle into the cooked risotto and stir through.Preheat a grill to high and place 2 tablespoons of the artichoke purée into the bottom of two ramekins, then spoon the risotto mixture on top. Top with the Parmesan and breadcrumbs and place under the grill until melted and bubbling. Top with more grated black truffle and the Jerusalem artichoke crisps and set aside.To make the salad, place the leaves in a large bowl and drizzle with the olive oil . Heat a large griddle pan over a high heat and griddle the leaves for 2–3 minutes on each side until golden-brown.Mix the walnut oil and lemon juice together and season with salt and pepper. Place the cooked leaves back in the large bowl, dress with the walnut vinaigrette and add the toasted walnut halves.Serve the grilled risottos with the salad and caramelised artichokes on the side.