To make the harissa, put the cumin, coriander, fennel and caraway seeds in a heavy-based frying pan and toast over a medium–high heat until smoking and fragrant. Transfer to a spice grinder and blend to a fine powder.Put the chilli and garlic in a food processor. Add the oil and blend to a purée. Add the coriander, spinach and spice mix and blend until smooth. (You might need to add a touch more oil or water to get the blender moving). Add the apples and honey and pulse until incorporated into the sauce. It should have a thick, pesto-like consistency. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.To make the green tahini, blend the herbs with 50ml/2fl oz water in a food processor until smooth.Mix together the lemon juice, tahini and garlic in a mixing bowl or food processor, add a small amount of the herby water and whisk or blend until combined. Gradually add the remaining herby water until you have a loose paste. Season with salt, olive oil and more lemon juice, if needed.To make the lamb chops, mix 50ml/2fl oz of the harissa with the yoghurt in a large bowl. Add the lamb chops and massage the meat until each chop is well coated. Cover and marinate in the fridge for 2–4 hours, but preferably overnight.When you are ready to cook, preheat the barbecue, ensuring that you are cooking over hot coals. Alternatively, heat a cast-iron griddle pan over a high heat until smoking hot. (Ensure you cook in a well-ventilated area.)Grill the lamb chops for 2–3 minutes on each side, until nicely charred around the edges and the fat is crisp and golden but the meat is still soft to the touch and pink on the inside. Season both sides with salt and pepper as you cook.Meanwhile, brush the spring onions and lemon with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Lay them on a wire rack and blacken under the grill until softened.To serve, spoon a dollop of green tahini on a large serving platter. Put the lamb chops on top with the spring onions on the side. Garnish with a few coriander leaves and a squeeze of the blackened lemon.