For the poussin, trim away a little of the flap of skin at the neck and remove the wishbone with a small boning knife. To remove the backbone, place the poussin breast-side down on a chopping board. Using sharp scissors, carefully cut the back of the poussin from the parson’s nose up to the neck. With the point of the boning knife, follow the bones along each side of the back of the carcass to ease the meat away from the ribcage until you have freed the ribcage by two-thirds. With the scissors, cut away the ribcage that is exposed. Remove the bones and reserve for another recipe or to make stock. Press the poussin down as flat as possible.Cut two small incisions, one on each side, into the flap of skin near the parson’s nose. Thread the thighbone knuckles through. This holds the spatchcock shape during cooking. With scissors, cut and remove the wing joints.Using kitchen paper, lightly wipe a griddle pan with grapeseed oil. Heat the pan until very hot. Rub the poussin all over with most of the grapeseed oil and season lightly with salt.Place the poussin, skin-side down, in the griddle pan. After 3–4 minutes, lift and turn to ensure a criss-cross marking and cook for another 3–4 minutes. Turn the poussin over to repeat on the other side, remembering to turn to ensure even cooking and marking. Cooking should take around 15 minutes in total (reduce the heat if needed to avoid burning). The chicken is cooked through when the juices run clear with no trace of pink when the thickest part of the meat is pierced with a skewer.Meanwhile, rub the Treviso and Tardivo with the remaining oil and season with salt. Towards the end of the poussin cooking time, place the radicchio in the griddle pan and cook alongside the poussin. After a few minutes, turn over the radicchio to cook on the other side. Leave the poussin to rest in a partially closed foil parcel along with the griddled radicchio.To make the sauce, combine the oil, vinegar and ketchup in a small bowl. Stir in the Worcester sauce, Tabasco and season with salt and pepper. Add the shallots, herbs and half of the diced tomatoes and stir to mix.To serve, season the tomato slices with salt and place on a serving platter.Cut the poussin in half lengthways through the middle with scissors. Place the poussin on top of the tomatoes on the platter and add the griddled radicchio and remaining diced tomatoes alongside. Drizzle the sauce on top of the poussin. Dot the lemon pieces around the platter and scatter over the parsley. Season with pepper and serve immediately.