To make the Alexander kimchi, mix  the Alexander leaves with the salt and leave for 15 minutes, then add the cucumbers and leeks and mix well. Rinse and pat dry with kitchen paper. Strain the dulce, keeping the water and pour the dulce water into a lidded jar along with the Alexander, cucumber and leeks and the remaining ingredients. Mix well to ensure all submerged in liquid and leave overnight at room temperature.Preheat the oven to 220C/200C Fan/Gas 7.To make the celeriac wrap, put the celeriac in the centre of a large piece of foil on a baking tray. Sprinkle with the remaining ingredients and 60ml /2fl oz water. Bring the edges of the foil up to wrap the celeriac in a parcel. Bake in the oven for 1½  hours. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool. Once cool enough to handle, peel and thinly slice.Meanwhile, cook the farro in boiling, salted water for 10 minutes, then drop in the peas for the last 2 minutes of the cooking time. Drain and refresh in cold water.To make the turmeric sauce, put all the ingredients in a saucepan and bring to the boil, then simmer until the volume of the liquid has reduced by half and you have a sauce-like consistency. Pass through a fine sieve into a clean pan.To make the parsley pesto, put all the ingredients in a food processor or blender and blitz to a paste.Preheat the oven to 220C/200C Fan/Gas 7.Take one guinea fowl breast and slice into three lengthways. Take three slices of celeriac and spread with a spoonful of parsley pesto. Put one guinea fowl slice on top of each celeriac slice, and wrap the celeriac around lengthways. Put in a lightly-oiled roasting dish and repeat with the other guinea fowl breast. Bake for 8–10 minutes, or until cooked throughAdd 35g/1¼oz of kimichi to a saucepan with the farro and peas. Add a splash of wine and heat until the alcohol has evaporated.To serve, spoon the kimchi onto serving plates and put the guinea fowl and celeriac wraps on top. Garnish with the nasturtium leaf, chopped Buddah’s hand, pea shoots and borage flowers, if using, and drizzle with the turmeric sauce.