For the soup, melt the butter in a saucepan. When foaming, add the cumin seeds and after 30-40 seconds add the ginger and the onion. Gently fry for 1-2 minutes, or until the onion is soft and translucent. Add the haggis and fry for 3-4 minutes. Pour in the stock, bring to the boil and simmer for 5-6 minutes. Then remove from the heat.Purée the contents until very smooth using a blender (if using a jug blender be careful to avoid splashes from the hot liquid). Add the cream and continue to blend. Return the soup to the pan and bring to a simmer. If the soup is too thick for your liking, dilute it with a little extra stock or water. Season with salt and pepper.For the haggis and potato cakes, heat a tablespoon of oil or butter in a frying pan. When hot, add the ginger, garlic and green chillies. Gently fry until the garlic begins to colour slightly. Add the onion and gently fry until soft and translucent. Stir in the crushed haggis and gently fry for 3-4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.Then add the coriander seeds, fresh coriander and fresh mint. Set aside to cool completely.For the tomato ketchup, blend all the ingredients together then taste and adjust the Tabasco to suit your palate. Place in a small bowl for serving. (If, preferred, you can also blend some mayonnaise into this for a creamier sauce).For the crushed potatoes, put the potatoes in enough boiling salted water to cover the potatoes by at least an inch of water. Boil until the slices are tender. Drain and return the potatoes to the pan. Dry them over a low heat, using a spatula to stir and make sure they don’t stick to the bottom. Remove from the heat and mash them (or pass through a ricer if you have one).Spread the potatoes on a tray and set aside to cool. When cooled, stir in the crushed cumin, chilli, salt and pepper. You can also add dried mango powder if you have any.To finish the haggis and potato cakes, put the egg wash in shallow bowl and the breadcrumbs and flour on separate plates. Divide the crushed potatoes into equal portions (ideally 6) and divide the haggis mixture similarly.Flatten each potato portion in the palm of your hand to roughly 1cm/½in thickness and place the haggis mixture in the centre of it. Fold over the potato to encase the haggis evenly and then flatten to form a thick cake roughly 2.5cm/1in thick. Shape it gently until you have no cracked edges and no filling leaking out. Sprinkling a little flour on the potato cakes to help you smooth the surface.Roll the potato cakes in just enough flour to coat, dust off any excess. Dip in the beaten egg to coat then cover with breadcrumbs.Preheat the oven to 100C/80C Fan/Gas ¼.Heat 1-2 inches of oil in a deep-sided frying pan or casserole. When hot, fry the potato cakes until golden-brown all over. Transfer them to a baking tray lined with kitchen paper (to absorb any excess oil) and place in the warm oven. Warm the serving plates in the oven as well.Fry the eggs in the same pan (you may need to remove some of the oil). Let the white crisp-up a bit, but ensure the yolk remains soft.To serve, reheat the soup, add the chopped coriander and put into bowls. Put a dollop of spiced ketchup on each potato cake. Top with a fried egg and serve with a hot crusty roll or toast, some salad leaves and the soup.