For the Kiev, make an incision in the top of each of the chicken breasts, then wiggle the knife around to create a pocket. Set aside.Heat the oil in a frying pan, add the jerk paste and garlic and cook for one minute or until fragrant.Place the butter into a bowl, add the cooked jerk paste and garlic, along with the shallots, parsley and lime juice. Beat together until well combined. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.Place the mixture into a piping bag and pipe it into the pockets created in the chicken breasts.Place the chicken onto a plate, cover and place in the fridge for 30 minutes until the butter inside the chicken has just set.Heat the vegetable oil in a deep heavy-bottomed saucepan or deep fat fryer, to 190C/375F or until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns golden-brown when dropped in it (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous - do not leave unattended). Preheat the oven to 200C/390F/Gas 6.Beat the eggs and milk together in a small bowl; tip the flour onto one plate and the breadcrumbs onto another plate.Dip each chicken breast in the flour, then the egg mixture and finally in the breadcrumbs to coat entirely.Place each breast in the deep fat fryer and cook for two minutes until golden-brown.Carefully remove the chicken from the fryer using a slotted spoon and drain on kitchen paper. Place onto a roasting tray and roast in the oven for 5-8 minutes, or until cooked through.For the yam forestière, bring a pan of salted water to the boil, add the chopped yams and simmer for 2-3 minutes, or until just tender.Drain the yams and set aside.Heat a frying pan, add the olive oil and yams and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until golden-brown on all sides.Heat a second frying pan until hot, add the bacon. Add the mushrooms and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until cooked through.Add the yams to the bacon and mushrooms and mix well to combine. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.To serve, spoon the yam mixture into the centre of each of four serving plates. Cut the Kiev in half on the diagonal and arrange on top. Serve.