For the pasta, place the flour, salt, eggs and egg yolks into a food processor and pulse to form a loose ball of dough (you may need to pulse the mixture in batches unless you've got a big food processor).Transfer the dough onto a clean work surface, dusted with semolina flour. Knead the dough for about three minutes, or until smooth.Divide the dough into eight evenly-sized balls, wrap in cling film and chill in the fridge for 20 minutes.Remove the dough from the fridge and run each ball through a pasta machine on the thickest setting. Repeat this process and, after each pass through the machine, fold the pasta sheet in three and turn by 90 degrees. For really silky pasta do this ten times.Reduce the gauge on the pasta machine to number five (or your machine's setting for ravioli) and run the pasta through the machine again. (You can make this pasta with a rolling pin, but it won't be as thin.)For the filling, heat the olive oil in a non-stick frying pan and gently fry the onion and garlic.Add the minced lamb, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and cook for 10-12 minutes, until the lamb is cooked through and nicely browned.Add the chopped mint and stir well, then set aside to cool. Drain off any excess liquid or oil from the pan.For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a clean non-stick frying pan, and gently fry the onion, carrot, celery and garlic for five minutes, until softened but not coloured.Add the tomato purée to the pan and cook for 5-6 minutes until the mixture has become a rich red colour.Add the red wine, stock and rosemary sprigs to the pan, bring up to boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 40 minutes, until thickened.To construct the ravioli, use a pastry cutter to cut out 7cm/3in circles out of the rolled out pasta sheet. Repeat until all the pasta has been used up.Spoon a little of the lamb mixture into the centre of one pasta circle and place another pasta circle on top. Wet the edge of the pasta and press down to seal (you can press with a fork to be extra sure). Repeat this process with the remaining pasta circles until all of the filling and pasta has been used.To cook the ravioli, bring a large pan of salted water to the boil, then carefully place the ravioli into the boiling water and cook for 3-4 minutes.To serve, place five ravioli onto each plate. Top with some of the sauce and sprinkle with parmesan shavings.