For the kebab, put all the ingredients except the mince in a food processor. Blend until thoroughly combined then add the mince and pulse briefly - this will maintain the texture of the meat. Alternatively, mix all the ingredients together in a bowl and pass through a mincer.Chill the spiced mince in the fridge for an hour to take in the flavours and firm up.For the vegetable coat, mix all the ingredients together and season with salt, to taste.  Set aside.For the kebab, preheat a barbecue or grill to hot.Divide the mince into two equal parts. Take one half and divide into six equally-sized balls. Wet your hands and using your fingers, slowly spread the mince on the skewers to make kebabs 8-10cm/3¼-4in long. To avoid the mixture sticking, keep your hands wet and intermittently run water over the kebabs as you make them. This will smooth the outer texture of the kebab. Make sure the kebabs are quite thick, as this will help retain the flavours and juices.Coat the kebabs with half the chopped vegetables and press lightly so the colourful vegetables stick to the mince. Set aside until ready to cook.Divide the remaining mince mixture into six balls. Spread the remaining chopped vegetables on a chopping board, then press the balls of mince into the vegetables so they stick to one side. Set aside.For the green coriander chutney, in a food processor blend together the herbs, garlic and chillies until a soft, spoonable consistency. Transfer to a small bowl and cover with the oil. (This will keep in the fridge for 2-3 days, but once salt and lemon have been added, it is best used straight away.)When ready to use, mix in the salt, sugar and lemon juice. Taste to check the seasoning.Cook the kebabs on the barbecue or under a grill for 6-8 minutes, turning regularly to ensure the meat is cooked evenly throughout.Cook the meat patties on a hot grill pan or barbeque for 3-4 minutes, vegetable side first, then turn over and cook another 2-3 minutes.Rest the kebabs for a few of minutes then serve with the green coriander chutney, salad leaves and pomegranate seeds. Or serve in naan breads to make wraps.