To make the puff pastry, combine the flour, salt and 30g/1oz butter in a freestanding mixer with the paddle attached. Add 110ml/3¾fl oz water and the lemon juice and knead to a smooth dough. Cover with cling film and rest in the fridge for 15 minutes.Take 2 large pieces of baking parchment and lay them either side of the remaining butter block. Flatten the butter using a rolling pin until it’s a square shape.Once the dough has rested, roll out to a square large enough to envelope the butter. Place the butter in the middle of the dough at a 45 degree angle (so the corners of butter point to the edges of the dough). Wrap the butter in the dough and press to seal. Roll out into a long rectangle and fold the dough over itself into thirds (like folding a letter). Roll the dough out again then repeat the folding process. Cover with cling film and rest in the fridge for 15 minutes.Repeat the rolling and folding process another 4 times. Rest the dough in the fridge for another 20 minutes.Preheat the oven to 220C/200C Fan/Gas 7.Once the dough has rested, roll it out to rectangle at least 45cm/17½in long and to a thickness of 5mm. Cut out long strips about 1½cm/3¾in thick and 45cm/17½in long.Starting at the tip of a cream horn mould, wrap a strip of dough around in a spiral ensuring it overlaps. Repeat for all 12 moulds. Place on 2 baking sheets lined with non-stick baking paper. Bake for 15-20 minutes, until the pastry is crisp and golden-brown. Leave to cool a little before removing the moulds and placing on a wire rack to cool completely.Melt the chocolate in a bowl suspended over a pan of simmering water then dip in the wide ends of the horns. Set aside to cool until the chocolate is set.For the candied lime, bring a pan of water to the boil. Add the lime slices and boil for 2 minutes, then remove using a slotted spoon. Scrub the saucepan clean and rinse. Then replace the boiling water and lime slices and boil for 2 minutes. Repeat this process 4 times (this will remove any bitterness from the limes). After the final time, rinse out the pan and add the sugar and 100ml/3½fl oz water.Add the lime slices and bring to a simmer. Cook for 20 minutes until the slices are translucent. Set aside to cool and then cut into quarters.For the lime curd, mix the juice, zest, eggs, sugar and butter in a saucepan. Cook over a medium heat until smooth and thickened. Set aside to cool.For the mascarpone Chantilly cream, whip the double cream to soft peaks, then whisk in the icing sugar. In a separate bowl, beat the mascarpone until smooth and then mix in 180g/6½oz of the curd. Fold the mascarpone mixture into the whipped cream. Spoon into a piping bag fitted with a 1cm/½in star nozzle.To assemble the horns, place the pastry horns in mugs to help them stand upright. Fill them with the cream mixture and top with a piece of candied lime. Serve immediately.