For the pasta, pile the flour onto a chopping board or clean work surface and make a well in the centre. Pour the salt, eggs and oil into the well. Carefully mix the dry and wet ingredients together using a wooden spoon, then work the mixture into a dough using your hands, adding a touch of water if the dough feels dry.Turn the pasta dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead for 12-15 minutes until it is smooth and glossy without any dry or damp patches. Roll the dough into a ball, wrap it in cling film and set aside to rest for 30 minutes.Meanwhile, for the filling, heat the oil in a saucepan over a medium heat. Add the pork mince, garlic, onion and celery and fry gently for 12-15 minutes, or until the pork has browned and the vegetables have softened. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.For the tomato sauce, heat the oil in a separate frying pan over a medium heat. Add the garlic, celery and onion and fry for 6-8 minutes, or until just coloured. Add the passata and 300ml/10½ fl oz water, stir the mixture well and bring to the boil.Reduce the heat until the mixture is simmering and simmer gently for 30 minutes, then stir in the basil, oregano, sugar and salt. Keep warm.When the filling mixture has cooled, blend it to a rough paste in a food processor, then transfer to a bowl. Beat in the eggs, parsley, parmesan and 3 tablespoons of the tomato sauce until well combined.To make the ravioli, cut the dough into satsuma-sized pieces. Dust the rollers of a pasta machine with flour.Working with one piece of dough at a time, flatten the dough and feed it twice through a pasta machine set to its widest setting. Adjust the pasta machine so that the rollers are on the second-widest setting, then roll the dough through the machine again. Continue adjusting the machine until you have rolled the dough through its narrowest setting. Set the pasta sheet aside (cut it into smaller lengths if it is unmanageably long).Repeat the rolling process with the remaining pieces of dough.When all of the pasta has been rolled out thinly, lay one sheet of pasta over a ravioli mould. Spoon a little of the filling mixture into the centre of each ravioli (use the wells of the mould as a guide). Brush the edges of each raviolo with water using a pastry brush or your finger.Lay another sheet of pasta on top of the ravioli, then press the pasta sheets together to seal the edges of each raviolo, squeezing out as much air as possible in the process. Turn the ravioli out of the tray and cut through the sealed edges to separate them.Repeat the filling and cutting process with the remaining pasta sheets and filling mixture.Bring a large pan of salted water to the boil. Carefully lower the ravioli into the water, in batches, and cook for 3-4 minutes; they are cooked when they float to the surface of the water.Serve the ravioli in serving bowls topped with the warm tomato sauce and a sprinkling of parmesan.