For the dough, put the flours, eggs, egg yolks and salt into the bowl of a freestanding mixer fitted with a dough hook and mix gently until it comes together. It may seem dry at first, but it will gradually form a dough. If, after a minute or so, it still seems crumbly, add 1–2 teaspoons water, kneading after each addition. Continue to knead for 6–8 minutes, or until the dough is smooth and stretchy, and springs back when you press your finger into it. Divide the dough into four equal pieces, wrap tightly in cling film and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.For the broth, place 500ml/18fl oz of water and all of the broth ingredients in a saucepan and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 1 hour.For the filling, mix the lobster tail, sea bass, mascarpone, chives and lemon juice together in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.Take one portion of dough from the fridge, remove the cling film and lightly dust the dough with semolina flour. Flatten with a rolling pin to the width of your pasta machine. Feed the dough through on the widest setting and then keep feeding it through, reducing the thickness each time until it is fed through on its thinnest setting. Lay the dough out on a floured surface and cover with a clean, damp tea towel. Repeat with the other portions of dough.Cut out even-sized circles from the dough sheets using a knife or a cookie cutter. Evenly divide the filling between the centres of the pasta circles. Fold the dough circles over and pinch the edges together, pressing firmly to seal.Bring a large saucepan of salted water to the boil. Cook the ravioli (in batches if necessary) in the boiling water for about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon.Meanwhile, for the lobster claws, heat the oil in a frying pan and sauté the claw meat until just coloured.To serve, divide the ravioli between warmed bowls and top with the claw meat and the broccoli. Strain the broth and then spoon it evenly into the bowls. Drizzle with the olive oil, garnish with the chives and serve immediately.