Preheat the oven to 150C/300F/Gas 2.Line four large baking trays with greaseproof paper. (A clever thing to do is to have a template with evenly spaced circles that you can slip under the greaseproof paper when piping the macaroons; then you can just slide it out when you are finished and re-use it.)For the chestnut macaroons, blend the icing sugar, ground almonds and hazelnuts together in a food processor until really smooth.Whisk the egg whites in a bowl until stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed.Meanwhile, heat the water and sugar in a saucepan until it reaches 118C/240F (check this with a sugar thermometer).Whisk the egg whites again and slowly add the sugar syrup. Continue whisking until stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed.Fold in the almond mixture until smooth (be careful not to overmix), then stir in the chestnut food colouring. Spoon the mixture into piping bags and pipe 4cm/1½in rounds onto the baking trays.The macaroons must stand for at least 20 minutes before going into the oven as it helps to form a skin. Bake for 13-15 minutes. (You may need to do this in batches, but the macaroons can rest for 1-2 hours.)Remove from the oven and set aside to cool. Carefully peel the macaroons off the greaseproof paper.For the ganache filling, heat the double cream in a saucepan until just boiling, then remove from the heat. Pour the cream over the chopped chocolate and stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth.Stir in the butter and chopped hazelnuts. Spoon the ganache into piping bags and set aside to cool.Pipe a small amount of ganache onto half of the macaroons and sandwich together with the remaining macaroons.For the raspberry macaroons, line four large baking trays with greaseproof paper. (A clever thing to do is to have a template with evenly spaced circles that you can slip under the greaseproof paper when piping the macaroons; then you can just slide it out when you are finished and re-use it.)Blend the icing sugar and ground almonds together in a food processor until really smooth.Whisk the egg whites in a bowl until stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed.Meanwhile, heat the water and sugar in a saucepan until it reaches 118C/240F (check this with a sugar thermometer).Whisk the egg whites again and slowly add the sugar syrup. Continue whisking until stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed.Fold in the almond mixture until smooth (be careful not to overmix), then fold in the raspberry food colouring. Spoon the mixture into piping bags and pipe 4cm/1½in rounds onto the baking trays.The macaroons must stand for at least 20 minutes before going into the oven as it helps to form a skin. Bake for 13-15 minutes. (You may need to do this in batches, but the macaroons can rest for 1-2 hours.)Remove from the oven and set aside to cool. Carefully peel the macaroons off the greaseproof paper.For the raspberry ganache filling, heat the double cream in a saucepan until just boiling, then remove from the heat. Pour the cream over the chopped chocolate and stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth.Stir in the butter and raspberry jam. Spoon the ganache into piping bags and set aside to cool.Pipe a small amount of ganache onto half of the macaroons and sandwich together with the remaining macaroons.To create the macaroon tower, cover the foam cone with craft paper. Insert toothpicks all over the foam cone in a regular pattern, with 1cm/½in of each toothpick sticking out. Carefully push the macaroons onto the toothpicks until the entire cone is covered.