For the mint chocolate cremosa, in a large saucepan bring the milk, cream and mint to a boil. Remove from the heat and set aside to infuse for 15 minutes.Bring a saucepan of water to the boil and place a heatproof bowl over the top (do not allow the bowl to touch the water). Add the chocolate. When melted, remove from the heat.In a large bowl, whisk the egg yolks and sugar together until pale and ﬂuffy. Pour half the milk infusion over the yolk mix and whisk to fully incorporate. Add the remaining milk mixture and whisk together. Transfer to a large saucepan and gently heat until it reaches 82C or is thick enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon.Pour 1 litre of the custard into a measuring jug and pour this onto the melted chocolate, whisking all the time until incorporated. Cover the surface with cling film to prevent a skin forming and place in the fridge for 4 hours to set.For the raspberry purée, wash and dry the raspberries then place 250g/9oz in a medium saucepan with the icing sugar, vanilla and 2 tablespoons water. Place over a medium heat and bring to a simmer, stirring frequently. When the raspberries are soft, remove from the heat and transfer to a blender. Blend until smooth, then pass through a sieve. Reserve in fridge until needed.For the chocolate soil, preheat the oven to 160C/140C Fan/Gas 3.Sieve the sugar, almonds, ﬂour, cocoa powder and salt together into the bowl of a freestanding mixer. Add the melted butter and mix on a low-medium speed for 3-4 minutes, or until smooth.Spread the mixture on to a baking tray lined with non-stick paper. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and leave to cool completely.Once completely cooled, blend to a ﬁne crumb in a food processor. Store in an air tight container and use within 2 weeks.For the dressed raspberries, mix all the ingredients together.To serve, drizzle some of the raspberry sauce onto a serving plate and top with a quenelle of the cremosa. Garnish with the dressed raspberries and chocolate soil.