For the bread rolls, preheat the oven to 190C/375F/Gas Mark 5.Place the flour into a large bowl, then stir in the salt and yeast.Make a well in the middle of the mixture and pour in enough water to make a soft, quite sticky, dough.Knead the dough on a lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic. Shape the dough into a round and place in a large, lightly oiled bowl. Cover with oiled cling film and leave to rise in a warm place for 1-1½ hours, or until it doubles in size.Lightly oil two or three baking trays.  Divide the dough into 18 pieces.  Shape into rounds by folding the sides to the middles to form round balls. Arrange onto the trays, leaving room between each ball for expansion (they should double in size).Cover loosely with oiled cling film and leave to rise in a warm place for 20 minutes, or until doubled in size.Place into the oven to bake for 20 minutes, or until golden and cooked through.Remove from the oven and leave to cool on a wire rack. Serve with the moules mariniere.For the moules mariniere, clean the mussels by scrubbing them well under a running tap, removing any beards (wispy bits), barnacles and grit. Tap any mussels that are slightly open; if they fail to close discard them together with any mussels with cracked shells.  Rinse again under running water before cooking.Heat a pan, large enough to hold the mussels. Add the onion, garlic, parsley stalks, thyme, wine and a little salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bring to the boil, cover tightly with a lid and reduce the heat to simmer for 10 minutes, until the onion is tender.Remove the lid, bring back to the boil and add the mussels. Replace lid and cook over a high heat for about 4-5 minutes, shaking the pan from time to time, until all the mussels have opened. Discard any that have not opened.Remove the mussels from the pan with a slotted spoon and place into a heated wide bowl or tureen. Cover with the pan lid and keep warm.Remove the thyme and parsley stalks from the sauce.For the beurre manié, mash the butter and flour together, in a clean bowl.Bring the mussel liquid to the boil and whisk in the butter and flour mixture over a high heat until the sauce has thickened. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Add most of the parsley and a little creamif using. Pour the sauce over the mussels and scatter over the remaining parsley.Serve at once and remember to have extra bowls to collect the discarded shells.