For the sousing liquid, add the olive oil to a large saucepan and sweat the shallot without colouring. Add the thyme and bay leaf and continue to cook for another minute.Add the honey, white wine vinegar, salt, peppercorns and 600ml/20fl oz water. Bring to a rolling boil for 10 minutes, then pass through a sieve into a clean saucepan and set aside to cool.Add the cauliflower florets to the cooled liquid and bring to the boil, then reduce to a gentle simmer. Cook for 20 minutes, or until the florets are soft, then leave to cool in the liquid.Remove the cauliflower from the liquid and pat dry. Heat a non-stick frying pan until hot. Add the butter and the cauliflower and cook until caramelised. Set aside until ready to serve.For the caramelised cauliflower purée, place the cauliflower in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring to the boil and simmer until fully cooked.Strain the cauliflower over a bowl, reserving the cooking liquor.Place the cauliflower into a blender and blend to a fine purée.Put a frying pans onto the heat and add the butter. Add the purée and fry until it stars to caramelise, whisking occasionally.When the mixture is nice and brown, return the purée to the blender and blitz once more until very fine and smooth.Add a little truffle oil and, if necessary, thin the purée by adding a little cooking liquor. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.For the cumin velouté, add a third of the butter to a frying pan over a medium heat. Add the shallots, cumin and a pinch of salt. Fry until softened but not coloured. Add the mushrooms and cook until slippery.Add the fish stock, bring to the boil and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half. Add the wine and reduce by a third.Add the cream, bring to the boil and cook until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon.Pass through a fine sieve into a clean saucepan then whisk in the remaining butter and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.For the scallops, season the scallops on both sides with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan and fry the scallops for two minutes on each side. Remove from the heat and squeeze a little lemon juice over the top.For the cumin velouté, use a hand blender to form a froth.To serve, spread some cauliflower purée in the middle of each plate then place the scallops and caramelised cauliflower around. Dress the chives and micro herbs with lemon juice, olive oil, salt and black pepper and place over the scallops. Drizzle with a little truffle oil and dots of the velouté froth, then serve.