Method for chicken, place the garlic bulb and a several of the sprigs of thyme into the cavity of the chicken.Season the chicken with salt and black pepper then place it into a large lidded pan or stockpot. Add the chicken stock to the pan and cover the pan with a lid.Bring the mixture to the boil, then reduce the heat and gently poach the chicken for 25 minutes.Remove the pan from the heat and allow the chicken to cool in the stock.  Then remove the chicken from the pan and pat dry with kitchen paper.  Reserve the chicken stock for later.Remove the breast from the chicken and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Heat a frying pan until hot.  Add the olive oil and place the chicken breast in the pan, skin-side down.Fry the breast until the skin becomes golden brown then turn over onto the other side.  Add the butter and fry until the chicken is completely cooked through.For the risotto, place 500ml/18fl oz of the chicken stock that the chicken was poached in, into a clean saucepan and bring to the boil.Add the risotto rice to the pan and allow the mixture to simmer for 4-5 minutes, until the rice becomes slightly tender.  Drain the excess stock from the rice, and allow the rice to cool in the saucepan.Place the artichokes and half the butter into a clean saucepan and heat at a low temperature until the artichokes become tender.Add the cream and 175ml/6fl oz of the poached chicken stock and bring to the boil.Pour the stock and the artichokes into the bowl of a food processor and blend the mixture until a purée is formed.Place the saucepan of rice back onto the heat and gradually add a ladle at a time of the remaining poached chicken stock to the pan (allow the rice to absorb the stock before adding each ladle of stock).  Continue to add the stock to the rice until the rice is tender.Add a large spoonful of the artichoke purée, the remaining butter and the parmesan to the saucepan and stir until the ingredients have combined.Add the chives to the risotto and mix well.For the roasted vegetables, place the carrots, turnips, rosemary and two of the garlic cloves into a clean saucepan and fill the saucepan with water until the vegetables are covered.  Season the vegetables with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring the pan to the boil.  Drain the excess water from the vegetables.Heat a clean frying pan until it is smoking hot then add the olive oil, a little more rosemary and another garlic clove.Add the honey to the pan and deglaze with the sherry vinegar.  Mix the ingredients well.To serve, spoon some of the risotto onto the side of a clean plate and place the chicken on top.  Arrange the vegetables on the other side of the plate and place the pea shoots on top. Drizzle the olive oil over the top of the plate.