To make the choux wheels, preheat your oven to 220C/200C Fan/Gas 7. Line a baking tray with baking paper.In a saucepan, combine 75ml/2½fl oz water, the sugar, salt and butter. Bring to the boil, once the butter is melted, remove from the heat. Tip in the flour stirring all the time. Beat the mixture vigorously to ensure all the ingredients are well combined. Add the eggs one at a time, beating continuously until both eggs are fully incorporated.Spoon the mixture into a piping bag fitted with a large plain nozzle. Pipe four 18cm/7in diameter rings on the lined baking tray, ensuring there is plenty of space between them. Brush the choux rings with the beaten egg then liberally sprinkle over the chopped peanuts.Bake for 15 minutes then reduce the temperature to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4 and cook for a further 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and, using oven gloves, carefully cut each ring in half horizontally. Lay the ring halves on the baking tray and bake for a further 5 minutes to dry the pastry out. Remove from the oven and leave to cool completely.To make the honeycomb, line another baking tray with baking paper. Heat the sugar and honey in a deep saucepan (do not stir after the sugar has dissolved as it will make the caramel grainy). Continue to heat until a deep golden caramel forms, swirling the pan occasionally. (CAUTION: boiling sugar is extremely hot. Handle very carefully. Use a deep pan to avoid bubbling over.) Remove from the heat and, wearing oven gloves, whisk in the bicarbonate of soda. The caramel will bubble up rapidly and fill the pan, which is why it's important to use a deep pan and protect your hands. Very carefully tip the mixture out onto the baking tray and leave to cool.To make the praline, place the peanuts on a baking tray lined with baking paper. Lay them close together in a single layer. Heat the sugar in a deep saucepan until it is dissolved and a dark golden colour (taking care as described above). Carefully pour the caramel over the nuts and leave to cool completely. Once cooled, break the praline into crumbs by pulsing in a food processor or placing in a food bag and bashing with a rolling pin.To make the cream, whip the cream with a little vanilla until it holds its shape and peaks form. Taste and stir through a more vanilla if desired. Spoon into a piping bag fitted with a large star nozzle (alternatively put the cream in a food bag and snip off the corner).To assemble, lay a choux ring half in front of you then carefully spoon some praline crumbs over the top. Pipe the cream on top of the praline then top with mango and Holy Basil. Spoon more praline over the top and then gently lay a ring half on top. Finish by finely grating over the honeycomb to give the Paris-Brest wheels a truly unique finish. Repeat with the remaining choux rings and serve.