For the tomato sauce, heat a large pan until hot and add the olive oil, onion and garlic and fry for 4-5 minutes until softened.Add the fresh tomatoes, canned tomatoes and sun-dried tomato paste and bring to the boil.Reduce the heat and simmer for 10-15 minutes.Halfway through the cooking time, add the basil leaves.Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Leave to cool slightly before transferring to a food processor or blender. Blend until smooth and set aside.For the gnocchi, place the potatoes into a pan and cover with water. Add a pinch of salt and bring to the boil.Simmer for 10-15 minutes or until the potatoes are tender.Drain and return to the pan then place back over a low heat for a few seconds to remove any excess moisture.Pass the boiled potato through a potato ricer or sieve into a mixing bowl to make a very fine mash.Add the flour, parmesan and one tablespoon of the olive oil and beat together until smooth. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Place a large nozzle into a piping bag and then add the potato dough to the bag.Bring a large pan of water to the boil. Take the bag of dough and hold it above the boiling water. As you squeeze the back of the bag with your right hand, hold a small sharp knife in your left hand and cut off 2.5cm/1in lengths of dough, allowing the gnocchi to drop into the pot. Pipe in about 12 gnocchi per batch.The gnocchi will sink when it hits the water. As soon as it floats to the top, poach for a further 1-2 minutes.Remove the gnocchi from the water with a slotted spoon and drain on kitchen paper. Repeat the process with any remaining dough.Heat a frying pan until hot then add the remaining olive oil. Add the gnocchi and fry until golden-brown. Set the pan aside in a warm place.For the lemon sole, season the sole with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Heat a frying pan until hot and add the olive oil.Add the lemon sole to the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes until golden-brown.Carefully turn the lemon sole and cook for a further minute on the other side.To serve, add the tomato sauce to the gnocchi pan, enough to just coat the gnocchi, and heat slightly.Spoon the gnocchi into the centre of each of four plates and top each with half a fillet of lemon sole. Serve at once.