For the lamb, remove the two outer bones from each 3-bone rack of lamb, leaving only the centre bone on each piece of meat.Flatten the lamb cutlets between two sheets of cling film using a meat mallet or rolling pin.Scrape all the meaty bits off the top of the bones with the back of your knife.Mix the ginger, garlic, ground cumin, coriander, turmeric, garam masala, sunflower (or rapeseed) oil, lime juice and salt together in a bowl, then rub the mixture all over the cutlets.Cover the cutlets and chill in the refrigerator overnight, or for at least a few hours, to marinate.When the cutlets have marinated, shake off any excess marinade.Heat a heavy-based non-stick frying pan over a medium to high heat. When the pan is hot, add the marinated lamb chops and fry quickly until browned all over. (Be careful not to burn the spices in the marinade.)Remove the cutlets from the pan and place onto a plate lined with kitchen paper. Set aside for 30-40 minutes to cool.Meanwhile, bring a pan of salted water to the boil, then add the potatoes. Return to a simmer and cook for 5-8 minutes, or until tender. Drain off the water and return the potatoes to the pan. Return to the heat briefly to drive off any excess moisture. As the potatoes cook, crush them lightly with a wooden spoon. Mash the potatoes with a masher or ricer until smooth. Set aside.Heat a frying pan over a medium heat, then add the butter, cumin seeds and garlic and fry for 1-2 minutes, or until the garlic has softened. Add the mixture to the mashed potatoes along with the coriander leaves and mix well. Set aside.For the tomato gravy, blend the tomatoes to a pulp in a food processor.Heat a frying pan over a medium heat. Add the butter and oil. When the butter is foaming, add the chillies, garlic and cassia bark (or cinnamon stick) and fry for 1-2 minutes, or until the garlic is golden-brown.Add the red onions and fry for a further 3-4 minutes, or until softened.Add the tomato pulp and bring the mixture to the boil. Simmer for 3-4 minutes, or until the mixture has thickened slightly, then add the vinegar, sugar and tamarind paste and reduce the heat until the mixture is simmering. Simmer until the mixture has thickened to a rich sauce.Remove the cassia bark (or cinnamon stick), then return the sauce to the food processor and blend to a purée. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Keep warm.When the lamb cutlets have cooled, cover each one all over in a 1.5cm/½in layer of the spiced mashed potato.Sprinkle the flour onto a plate. Beat the eggs in a bowl. Sprinkle the breadcrumbs onto a separate plate.Dredge each lamb and potato cutlet in the flour, dusting off any excess. Then dip them in the beaten egg and finally roll them in the breadcrumbs.Heat 5cm/2in of the oil in a deep-sided, heavy-based frying pan until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns golden-brown when dropped into it. (CAUTION: Hot oil can be dangerous; do not leave unattended.) Fry the coated cutlets until browned on both sides and cooked through, about 6-8 minutes in total. Remove from the pan and set aside to drain on kitchen paper. Keep warm.For the salad, whisk the mango chutney, lime juice, oil and salt together until well combined, then mix with the rest of the ingredients.To serve, pile some salad onto each of four serving plates. Rest one lamb cutlet alongside each portion of salad, then spoon over the tomato gravy.