Melt the butter and gently warm the milk in a saucepan.Tip the flour and cardamom into a large mixing bowl and add the salt to one side of the bowl and the yeast to the other. Add the butter, milk, sugar and egg and turn the mixture round with your fingers. Continue to mix until you have picked up all the flour from the sides of the bowl. Use the mixture to clean the inside of the bowl and keep going until you have a soft dough.Tip the dough onto a lightly floured surface and begin to knead. Keep kneading for 10–12 minutes. Work through the initial wet stage until the dough starts to form a soft, smooth skin. When your dough feels smooth and silky, put it into a lightly oiled bowl. Cover and leave to rise for 30–40 minutes, until doubled in size.While the dough is rising, make the filling. Cream the butter and vanilla paste together in a bowl until soft and spreadable. In a separate bowl mix the cinnamon and sugar together.Line a baking sheet with baking paper. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knock it back. Roll out the dough into a rectangle, about 25x35cm/10x14in. Turn the dough 90 degrees if necessary, so you have a long edge facing you. Tack the back edge to the work surface, pushing down with your fingers, sticking the dough to the work surface.Spread the butter mixture evenly over the dough and sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar. Roll up the dough tightly like a Swiss roll, using the tacked edge to create tension. Place on the prepared tray.Using a clean pair of sharp scissors, cut the roll into 15 slices (approximately 2cm/¾in each) almost all the way through. Pull each slice out to alternate sides and press down gently with your hands. Put the tray inside a clean plastic bag and leave to prove for 20–25 minutes, or until the dough springs back if you prod it lightly with your finger. Do not over prove.For the sugar syrup, tip the sugar and 100ml/3½fl oz water into a small pan and bring to the boil stirring until the sugar has melted. Boil until reduced by half.Preheat the oven to 220C/200C Fan/Gas 6. Brush the loaf with beaten egg and bake for 20–25 minutes until risen and golden-brown. Cover with aluminium foil after 10 minutes if it's browning too quickly.For the icing, mix the icing sugar with enough water to make a thin icing, then stir in the satsuma zest.Place the loaf on a wire rack to cool.  Brush with the sugar syrup then drizzle over the icing. Leave to cool completely.