For the puff pastry, beat the flour and 125ml/4fl oz ice-cold water in a freestanding mixer until smooth. Shape into a rectangle, wrap in cling film and put in the freezer for 10 minutes.  Place the butter between two pieces of greaseproof paper and use a rolling pin to flatten it into a rectangle. Chill in the fridge for 10 minutes.Once the dough has rested, roll it out on a lightly floured work surface to make a larger rectangle (roughly 2.5cm/1in thick and double the size of the butter). Remove the butter from the greaseproof paper, and put it on the top half of the dough.  Fold the remaining dough over it and press to seal. Turn the pastry so a short edge is closest to you. Roll it out again to form a longer rectangle, then fold the top third into the middle and fold the bottom third up to cover. Repeat this rolling and folding process once more then chill the pastry in the freezer for 15 minutes. Repeat the rolling and folding process a further 2 times.To make the curd, heat the butter, lemon juice and half the sugar until fully melted. In a separate bowl, beat the eggs, remaining sugar and cornflour until smooth then pour over the hot liquid. Whisk to combine then return to the pan and heat gently, stirring constantly, until thickened. Add the thyme, to taste, and set aside to infuse for 15 minutes before sieving.Preheat the oven to 220C/200C Fan/Gas 7.For the pastry horns, roll out the puff pastry out to form a large rectangle about 2mm thick. Cut long strips (about 2cm/¾in wide and 40cm/16in long) and spiral them around the metal moulds overlapping the edges slightly. Brush with a little beaten egg and sprinkle with sugar before placing seam-side down on a baking tray. Cook for 15-20 minutes until the pastry is crisp and golden-brown. Set aside to cool slightly, then remove from the moulds and cool completely on a wire rack.For the peach cream, whisk all the ingredients together until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.For the caramel wafers, heat the sugar with 2 tablespoons water until the sugar dissolves and turns to caramel. Pour onto a silicone sheet and set aside to cool and set.Preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6.Break the caramel into chunks and place in a food processor, blitz to very fine crumbs. Sieve into a bowl and then spread in an even layer on a sheet of silicone.  Place in the oven for 2 minutes, or until melted. Allow to cool for 1 minute, then cut into wafers using a sharp knife.To assemble the cream horns, place the pastry horns into mugs to help them stand upright on the tip. Chop half the peach into small chunks and divide between the 12 horns. Add a spoonful of lemon curd and sprinkle half of the chopped pistachio nuts on top. Using an ice cream scoop, add the peach cream (to create a dome on top as you would on an ice cream). Add a caramel wafer. Finely slice the remaining peach half. Decorate the horns with a few peach slices. Finish with a sprig of lemon thyme and the remaining chopped pistachio nuts. Serve immediately.