For the partridge, preheat the oven to 200C/290F/Gas 6 and preheat the grill to high.Place the partridge in a non-reactive dish. Whisk the salt, malt vinegar and ginger and garlic paste together in a small bowl.Spoon the paste over the partridge and leave to marinate for a few minutes.Meanwhile, heat a frying pan until hot, add the cumin seeds and lightly fry until fragrant.Tip the cumin seeds into a pestle and mortar and lightly crush them, then place in a bowl with the yoghurt, dried mango, crushed roasted peanuts, chopped green chillies and oil and whisk together.Add the coriander stems and lemon juice, then spread this mixture over the partridge. If you have time, you can leave the partridge to marinate for at least 30 minutes.Thread the partridge onto the soaked wooden skewers, place on a roasting tray and transfer to the oven to cook for 8-10 minutes. Remove and then place under the grill to cook for a further three minutes, or until cooked to your liking. Remove the meat from the skewers and leave in a warm place to rest.For the quinoa, soak the quinoa in cold water for 15 minutes, then drain and rinse.Place the quinoa in a saucepan with 300ml/10fl oz of salted water, bring to the boil then reduce the heat and simmer for about 15 minutes, or until the grains are cooked, but still retain some bite - quinoa develops a white ring round the circumference of each grain when it is nearly ready. Drain off any excess water.Heat the oil in a heavy-based pan and add the red chilli and mustard seeds. (CAUTION: keep the pan well away from the eyes and face as the mustard seeds may pop.) Allow the seeds to crackle and splutter for about 30 seconds, then add the curry leaves.When the curry leaves are crisp, add the onion and cook for 3-4 minutes, until starting to turn golden-brown. Add the green chilli and ginger and stir for one minute.Add the tomato, salt and chilli powder and cook over a medium heat for 3-4 minutes, until most of the moisture from the tomato has evaporated.Add the cooked quinoa into the pan and mix for 1-2 minutes, until heated through. Add the sugar, coriander or basil and lemon juice and stir to combine.To serve, spoon the quinoa into the centre of each of four serving plates. Top each serving of quinoa with two halves of partridge.