Place the whole peppercorns in a pestle and mortar and lightly crush down, then add a teaspoon of the Maldon sea salt and gently combine, ensuring you leave some texture.Tip onto a flat plate. Pat the steaks dry with kitchen roll and press the mixed peppercorn mixture onto both sides of the steaks, using your hands.If you have time, cover with cling film and leave at room temperature for 2-3 hours to allow the flavours to infuse.Snip the baby tomatoes into four portions of three and arrange in a small roasting tin.Drizzle over a tablespoon of the extra virgin olive oil and season to taste.Roast for 12-15 minutes until they are lightly roasted and just beginning to soften. Remove.To make the summer purée, bring a large pan of salted water to the boil.Add the green beans and fresh peas (if using frozen don't add these until about a minute before the end of the cooking time). A minute later add the asparagus and cook for a further five minutes, then drain and cool under cold running water.Remove the skins from the broad beans. Cut the tips frm the asparagus, then set them aside with about a quarter of the other vegetables.Tip the remaining vegetables, including the asparagus spears, into a food processor or liquidiser with the mint, chives, ricotta and remaining two tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil.Season generously with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Blend to a rough purée and then tip into a heavy-based pan.Fold in the parmesan and the reserved blanched vegetables.Set aside until you are ready to use.To cook the steaks, heat the light olive oil in a large heavy-based frying pan over a high heat. Add the steaks and cook for two minutes on each side, then reduce the heat, add a knob of butter and cook the steaks for 4-6 minutes, turning once, depending on how rare or well-done you like your meat.Transfer the steaks to a plate. Set aside in a warm place to rest.While the steaks are resting gently heat the purée. To serve, divide the purée among four plates. Add a steak to each and finish with a pile of tomatoes and a drizzle of olive oil.