Put the flour in a mound on a clean work surface and make a well in the centre.Add 250g/9oz butter and the salt to the well and work together with the fingertips of one hand, gradually drawing the flour into the centre with the other hand. When the cubes of butter have become small pieces and the dough is grainy, gradually work in the water and it is all incorporated. Don’t overwork the dough – you should have a marbled effect with the butter. Roll the mixture into a ball, wrap in cling film and refrigerate for 20 minutes.Flour a clean work surface and roll out the pastry into a 40x20cm/16x8in rectangle. Fold the top third down to the centre, then the bottom third up and over that. Give it a quarter-turn. Roll the pastry into a 40x20cm/16x8in rectangle as before, and fold it into three again. These are the first two turns. Wrap the block in cling film and refrigerate it for 30 minutes.Give the pastry another two turns, rolling and folding as before. This makes a total of four turns. Wrap it in cling film and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.Preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6. Divide the caster sugar evenly between two small ovenproof blini pans. Cook over a low heat without stirring, until the sugar has melted and caramelised in both pans, turning golden-brown (CAUTION: boiling sugar is extremely hot. Handle very carefully). Remove from the heat and put half the remaining butter in each pan. Stir gently. Place a pineapple ring into the caramel in each pan.Put the rolled out pastry on a clean, floured surface and cut out two circles slightly larger than the circumference of the blini pans. Cover each pan with a pastry round, pushing the edges down around the pineapple ring. Bake for 10-12 minutes, or until the pastry is golden brown and cooked through. Remove and leave to cool slightly.Meanwhile for the sauce, in a small saucepan heat the butter, brown sugar and golden syrup until combined and the sugar is dissolved. Bring to a gentle simmer, then remove from the heat and add lemon juice to taste. Stir in the cream and coconut liquor.Toast the flaked cocount in a dry pan for 1-2 minutes, taking care to ensure it does not burn.To serve, place a slice of each tart on a plate and top with a scoop of ice cream. Drizzle over the sauce and garnish with mint leaves and toasted coconut.