For the spiced ice cream, place the cream, vanilla pod and seeds, cinnamon sticks and cloves into a large saucepan and heat until it starts to simmer gently.In the meantime, place the egg yolks and sugar in a large bowl and whisk until the mixture thickens and turns pale.Gradually add the cream mixture to the bowl, continually whisking and, once you have added all the liquid, pour it back into the pan. Cook until it thickens, then remove the vanilla pod, cinnamon sticks and cloves. Place in an ice cream machine and churn according to manufacturer’s instructions for 40-50 minutes, or until thick. Place the ice cream in the freezer.For the dried pineapple, heat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4. Place the pineapple slices onto a baking tray and place in the oven.Bake for 20 minutes and then turn off the heat. Leave in the oven for 1-1½ hours, turning once.Remove the pineapple from the oven and place onto a cooling rack to firm up.For the puff pastry, place the flour in a mound on a clean work surface and make a well in the centre.Place the butter and salt in the well and work them together with the fingertips of one hand, gradually drawing the flour into the centre with the other hand.When the cubes of butter have become small pieces and the dough is grainy, gradually add the iced water and mix until it is all incorporated, but don’t overwork the dough – you should have a marbled effect with the butter without mixing it in properly.Roll the mixture into a ball, wrap in cling film and refrigerate for 20 minutes.Flour a clean work surface and roll out the pastry into a 40x20cm/16x8in rectangle.Fold the top third down to the centre, then the bottom third up and over that. Give it a quarter-turn.Roll the block of pastry into a 40x20cm/16x8in rectangle as before, and fold it into three again. These are the first two turns. Wrap the block in cling film and refrigerate it for 30 minutes.Give the chilled pastry another two turns, rolling and folding as before. This makes a total of four turns. Wrap the pastry in cling film and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before using.For the pineapple tarte tatin, preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.Divide the sugar evenly between two small ovenproof blini pans over a low heat. Cook without stirring, until the sugar has melted and caramelised in both pans, turning golden-brown.Remove from the heat and place half of the butter into each pan. Stir gently to combine.Place a pineapple ring into the caramel in each pan.Place the rolled out pastry onto a clean, floured surface and cut out two circles slightly larger than the circumference of the blini pans.Cover each pan with a pastry round, pushing the edge down around the pineapple ring. Transfer the oven and bake for 10-12 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown and cooked through. Remove and allow to cool slightly.For the hot caramel sauce, place the sugar into a saucepan and heat gently without stirring until it has melted and turned a golden caramel colour.Remove from the heat and place the base of the pan into cold water to prevent the sugar cooking further.Add the double cream, rum and mint and stir to combine.To serve, place a slice of each tart on a serving plate and top with a scoop of ice cream. Put a piece of dried pineapple on top of the ice cream and drizzle over the caramel. Garnish with mint.