To make the paté, melt 60g/2¼oz of the butter in a pan over a medium heat. Add the shallot to the pan and cook for 10–15 minutes, or until softened. Add the chicken livers and garlic to the pan and cook for 2–3 minutes, turning, or until the livers are no longer pink. Pour in the brandy, stir in the mustard powder and simmer for 1 minute then season with salt and pepper.Place the remaining butter and the cooked liver mixture into a food-processor and blend until fine. Spoon into a dish, cover with cling film so it touches the surface and place in the fridge.Season both pork loins with salt and pepper and rub with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Sear in a hot pan until golden-brown and set aside to rest and cool.Heat the remaining oil in a small saucepan over a medium heat and cook the spinach, stirring until wilted. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.To make the herb mix, heat the oil in a frying pan over a low heat and gently fry the shallot for 5 minutes. Add the garlic, herbs and mushrooms and fry over a high heat for a further 5 minutes. Add the chilli flakes and lemon zest, season and remove from the heat to cool.Lay two sheets of cling film overlapping on a large board to form a rectangle and lay the prosciutto on top, overlapping to make a rectangle. Spread with the cooled paté and place the loins on top, side by side. Carefully spread the herb mixture on top of the loins and tuck into all the gaps. Lay the wilted spinach over the top.Roll the cling film up to form a tight sausage shape and the prosciutto encases the pork loins. Twist the ends to seal.On a lightly floured surface, roll out a sheet of pastry to the thickness of a pound coin. Cut out a rectangle 4cm/1½in border larger than the pork on all sides. Unwrap the pork parcel and place in the middle of the pastry.Roll out the second piece of pastry to the thickness of a pound coin. Brush the edges of the bottom piece with beaten egg. Gently lower the second piece of pastry over the top and tuck in around the loins. Trim the edges with a sharp knife  and seal the two together with a fork. Brush the entire Wellington with the beaten egg and score with the back of a knife. Place in the fridge for 20 minutes.Preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6.Brush the Wellington with a little more egg and cook for 35–40 minutes, or until golden-brown.Allow to stand for 10 minutes before cutting into thick slices. Serve with crackling,  red wine jus and salsa verde.