For the pork Wellington, heat a little sunflower oil in a large frying pan.Season the pork fillets, then fry for 8-10 minutes, turning regularly, or until browned on all sides. Remove the pork from the pan and set aside to coolAdd the butter to the frying pan and fry the garlic, shallots and apple for 4-5 minutes, or until softened.Add the wild mushrooms and cook for a further 3-4 minutes. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper; then stir in the cream.Remove the pan from the heat and set aside to cool.Preheat the oven to 190C/375F/Gas 5.Meanwhile, roll the puff pastry out on a lightly floured work surface. Scatter over the parmesan, then fold the pastry in half. Roll the pastry out again and cut into four rectangular pieces.For the egg wash, beat the egg and milk together in a bowl.Spoon some mushroom mixture into the middle of each piece of pastry and place the pork on top. Brush the edge of the pastry with the egg wash. Form the pastry into a parcel around the pork and seal the edges. Brush the remaining egg wash over each wellington. (You can cut shapes out of the remaining pastry and stick them onto the Wellingtons with a little egg wash.)Bake the pork Wellingtons in the oven for 20-25 minutes, or until the pastry is risen and golden-brown.For the port and red wine jus, melt the butter in a large saucepan, add the shallots, garlic and thyme, and fry for 2-3 minutes. Add the brown sugar and continue to cook until it melts and bubbles up around the sides of the pan. This will give a sweet flavour to the sauce and will provide a nice accompaniment to the pork.Reduce the heat and stir in the red wine, tomato purée and port.Bring the mixture to the boil and cook for 15 minutes, or until the sauce has reduced to a syrup.For the Savoy cabbage, cook the cabbage in a saucepan of boiling water for 3-4 minutes, or until tender. Drain and refresh in cold water.Melt the butter in a large wok and fry the bacon for 3-4 minutes, or until crisp. Add the cabbage and stir-fry for 3-4 minutes, or until warmed through. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.To serve, spoon the cabbage onto serving plates, carve the Wellingtons into thick slices and place on top then pour over the port and red wine jus.