To make the rice, wash the rice thoroughly until the water runs clear. Place in a lidded saucepan and cover with the chicken stock and 300ml/10fl oz water. Bring to the boil uncovered. Once the water is boiling, reduce the heat to low, cover with the lid and cook on a low heat for 15–20 minutes until the rice is fluffy.To make the mushrooms, preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4. Put the oyster mushrooms in a roasting tin, drizzle over the olive oil and season with salt, ground black pepper and dried chilli flakes. Place in the oven and roast for 10 minutes. Remove and keep warm in a very low oven.To make the potatoes, heat the oil in a wok or saucepan to 180C, or until a small piece of bread turns golden brown within a minute. Carefully drop the potato cubes in the oil and fry for 5 minutes, or until crisp and golden on the edges and soft on the inside. Remove using a slotted spoon and place on a plate lined with kitchen paper to absorb excess oil.To make the pork, heat the oil in a wok over high heat. Fry the garlic, onion and bay leaves until the onions are golden. Add the pork and let it sit on one side for 45 seconds to brown then turn it. Before the pork is completely cooked, add the Shaoxing rice wine, oyster sauce, sweet soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce and dark soy sauce. Add the white pepper. Toss until the seasoning has coated the pork mince.Add the fried potato pieces to the wok and toss together for a minute. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and set aside.To make the fried eggs, heat the oil in a frying pan over a high heat. Crack in the eggs, sprinkle over the salt and pepper and fry on a medium heat for 1 minute, or until the bottom is crisp but the egg yolks are still runny on top.On a large serving dish, place the rice in the centre, spoon the pork and potato hash over the top, sprinkle with the oyster mushrooms and lay the fried eggs on the top. Garnish with a final sprinkle of spring onions. If using, dress the cabbage in a little lemon juice, salt, pepper and olive oil and serve alongside the main dish.