Preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4.To make the pumpkin purée halve the pumpkin, scrape out the seeds and stringy bits with a spoon and discard. Place the pumpkin halves, cut side down, onto a baking tray and bake for 45 minutes, until it feels soft to the touch. Allow to cool, then scrape out the cooked flesh and mash with a fork until smooth. Set aside to cool.Grease and lightly flour a small bundt tin 21cm/8¼in in diameter.In a large mixing bowl, combine the brown sugar, pumpkin purée, cider and oil. Beat with a handheld electric mixer until thoroughly combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until they are completely mixed in.In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, salt, baking powder, bicarbonate of soda and the spices. Beat this into the wet ingredients for 2-3 minutes until it is thick and smooth.Measure out half the batter into the prepared bundt tin (it should be about 550g/1lb 4oz of mixture). Bake for 30-35 minutes, until the top is springy to the touch and a wooden skewer inserted into the cake comes out clean.Allow the cake to cool in the tin for 5 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely. Wash, dry, and grease and flour your bundt tin again, and bake the other half.Meanwhile, make the cream cheese icing. Beat the softened butter in a bowl with a handheld electric mixer until it is light and fluffy. Add the cream cheese and beat until smooth. Gradually add the icing sugar and beat until well incorporated.When both cakes are completely cool, use a sharp knife to slice off a thin layer of the bottom of the cake to flatten it (reserve the cake trimmings). Place the 2 cakes, cut sides together, to see if it makes a convincing pumpkin shape. If necessary, trim off a little more so that the curves of the bundt tin line up with each other.Spread a little of the icing onto the bottom cake, then cover with the top cake layer. Use the reserved cake trimmings to fill in the hole in the middle of the cake. Spoon the icing onto the top of the cake and let it run down the sides. Create a fondant stem from the brown fondant, stick a toothpick in the end of the stem and secure it in the cake.