For the basil ice cream, in a food processor blend the sugar and basil until the basil is incorporated and you have bright green sugar granules. Transfer to a mixing bowl, add the egg yolks and whisk until thick and airy.In a pan set over a low heat, gently warm the milk then slowly pour it into the egg yolk and sugar mix, stirring continuously. Pour the mix back into the pan and heat gently stirring all the time until it is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Sieve into a clean bowl and set aside to cool completely.Whisk the cream until soft peaks form, then add the crème de framboise liqueur. Fold the cream into the cooled custard mixture and pour into an ice cream maker. Churn according to manufacturer’s instructions. (If you don’t have an ice cream maker, pour the mixture into a 1.5 litre tub, cover and place in the freezer. After one hour remove and whisk quickly, before placing into the freezer for another hour. Repeat this process for up to 5 hours until the ice cream has set and has an even texture without any ice crystals.)For the sponge puddings, preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6 and grease six non-stick pudding molds.In a large mixing bowl whisk the sugars and butter until pale and fluffy. Add one egg and a third of the flour and mix until combined. Repeat until all the eggs and flour are incorporated. Fold in the vanilla extract, along with the raspberries and white chocolate chips. Divide the mix equally between the molds, ensuring that each mold is no more than two thirds full. Cover each mold with a piece of greased tin foil and place into a baking tray with deep sides.Half fill the baking tray with boiling water (so that it comes halfway up the pudding molds). Then cover the baking tray with foil (to keep all the steam in). Place in the oven for 25-30 minutes.For the raspberry coulis, in a food processor, blend the frozen raspberries, crème de framboise and icing sugar to a liquid. Pour into a freezable container and store in the freezer until ready to serve.To serve, turn out the puddings onto the serving plates, drizzle over the raspberry coulis and add a scoop of basil ice cream.