Preheat the oven to 220C/200C Fan/Gas 7.To make the salad, heat the oil and butter in a frying pan. Fry the pumpkin for 15–20 minutes, or until caramelised and tender. Set aside.Meanwhile, put the lentils in a saucepan with the cinnamon, garlic and stock. Bring to the boil and simmer for 20 minutes, or until tender. Drain and discard the cinnamon and garlic.While the lentils cook, season the duck with plenty of salt and pepper and put in an ovenproof pan skin-side down, over a low heat.  Cook slowly until the fat has rendered out of the skin and the duck is golden and crisp.Turn over the breasts and cook in the oven for 6–8 minutes, or until cooked but still pink in the centre. Set aside to rest.To make the dressing, whisk together the vinegars and mustard with plenty of seasoning. Gradually whisk in the oil to form a glossy dressing.Slice the duck and add any juices to the dressing.Toss the lentils and pumpkin together. Pour the dressing over the lentils and mix in the rocket and parsley.Put a large, lidded saucepan over a high heat. Discard any clams that do not close tightly when tapped. Add the remaining clams to the pan with a splash of water and cover. Cook, shaking the pan, for 30 seconds, or until they have opened; discard any that fail to open. Allow them to cool slightly, then remove the meat from the shells.Using a sharp knife, carefully cut away the digger (the bulbous dark bit at one end) and remove the central stomach sack and intestinal tract so you are left only with the sweet, firm white meat. Slice into pieces.Heat a little olive oil in a frying pan and fry the jamón until crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside, leaving the fat in the pan.Mix the shallot and herbs with the cava and lemon juice and season well. Whisk in the extra virgin olive oil.Put the jamón pan back on the heat and fry the sliced clams in the  fat until cooked through. Scatter the clams with the jamón and drizzle with the cava dressing.Arrange the clams, duck and lentils on a large platter and serve.