For the poussin, blend together all of the poussin ingredients except the poussin in a food processor to a smooth purée.Using your hands, spread the purée over the poussin until completely covered. Cover and set aside to marinate for at least one hour.Preheat the oven to 220C/425F/Gas 7.When the poussin have marinated, place them onto a wire rack and place the wire rack into a roasting tray. Transfer to the oven and roast for 5-7 minutes.Reduce the heat to 200C/400F/Gas 6 and continue to cook the poussin for a further 18-20 minutes, or until the poussin are golden-brown and cooked through. (If the poussin brown too quickly, reduce the oven temperature to 180C/350F/Gas 4 or cover the poussin with aluminium foil.) The poussin are cooked with the juices run clear when pierced in the thickest part with a skewer.For the raisin pilau, heat the oil in a frying pan over a medium heat. Add the coriander seeds, cumin seeds, cardamom pods and cinnamon stick and fry, stirring continuously, for 2-3 minutes, or until the spices are fragrant.Add the rice and raisins and fry for 1-2 minutes, or until the rice is slightly translucent.Pour over the water and bring to the boil. When the rice is boiling, cover the surface of the rice with a circle of baking parchment, then reduce the temperature until the mixture is simmering gently. Continue to simmer until the rice has absorbed all of the water and is tender.For the tomato chutney, heat the oil in a pan over a medium heat. Add the onions and fry for 5-7 minutes, or until softened but not browned.Add the ginger paste and garlic and continue to cook for a further 2-3 minutes, stirring continuously.Add the spices and continue to fry for a further minute, then add the tomato purée, stir well and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.Add the tomatoes and continue to simmer, squeezing them down with the back of a wooden spoon until all of the tomatoes have completely broken down and the sauce is thick.To serve, place a poussin into the centre of each of four serving plates. Spoon a portion of tomato chutney and a portion of the raisin pilau alongside.