Preheat the oven to 110C/90C Fan/Gas ¼.Rub the beef with the rapeseed oil and season all over with salt and pepper.Heat a large frying pan over a high heat and brown the meat on all sides, rotating it regularly.Insert an ovenproof meat thermometer into the beef and place in a roasting tin. Roast in the oven for 4–5 hours – ensure the internal temperature is rising gradually. When the internal temperature reaches 55C the beef is ready.Meanwhile, to make the gravy, scoop the marrow from the bone with a teaspoon and dice. Keep in the fridge.Heat the oil in a flameproof casserole dish. Season the oxtail with salt and pepper and brown all over then remove and set aside. Add the onions to the same pan and fry for 10 minutes, or until softened and golden-brown. Add the garlic and herbs and fry for a further 1–2 minutes.Return the oxtail to the pan add the red wine and simmer until it has reduced by half. Add the beef stock, mushrooms and their soaking liquid, tomatoes, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and sugar. Bring to the boil and then reduce the heat. Cover with a lid and leave to simmer gently for 1½–2 hours, or until the oxtail is tender.Strain the gravy into a clean pan (you can keep the meat from the oxtail for another day). Remove any fat from the top and simmer until it has reduced to a light coating consistency. Whisk in the chilled bone marrow until melted then serve.While the beef is cooking, bring a saucepan of salted water to the boil and cook the potatoes for 5–6 minutes. Drain and bash them around in the pan to chuff up the edges. Season with salt.Take the beef out of the oven, cover with foil and a tea towel and leave to rest while you cook the potatoes. Turn the temperature up to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6.Place the goose fat in a roasting tray and heat in the oven. Add  the potatoes to the tray and roast for 50 minutes, turning occassionally. Add the garlic and thyme 20 minutes before the end of cooking.Serve the beef with the bone marrow gravy, roast potatoes and vegetables of your choice.