For the pizzette fritte, in a bowl, mix together the flour, salt, water, olive oil and the yeast to form a dough. Tip out onto an oiled worktop and knead for a good few minutes, until the dough is smooth and elastic. Put the dough back in the bowl, cover with a cloth and leave somewhere warm to rise for 45-60 minutes, or until doubled in size.Preheat the oven to 190C/ Fan 170C/ Gas 5. Brush olive oil over the base and sides of a baking dish large enough to hold the ricotta.Mix the ricotta with the egg, Parmesan and half of the herbs. Season with salt and pepper to taste.Spoon the mixture into the prepared dish, spread out in an even layer, and bake for about 30 minutes, or until puffed in the middle and browning in places. Remove from the oven and keep warm.While the ricotta is baking, cook the roasted cherry tomatoes. Mix the tomatoes with a tablespoon of olive oil, the garlic and the honey and season with salt and pepper. Spread out in a snug-fitting oven dish and roast for about 40 minutes, or until juicy and bubbling. Remove from the oven, sprinkle over the rest of the herbs, and set aside somewhere warm.Divide the dough into four equal-sized balls. Roll out each dough ball on an oiled worktop until you have four discs about 20cm/8in in diameter each.Heat a large frying pan over a high heat until very hot. Add 2 tablespoons of olive oil and have some kitchen tongs at the ready. Use the tongs to carefully lower one of the dough discs into the hot oil, starting close to you and placing it away from you in case any of the oil splashes.Use the kitchen tongs to press the centre of the dough down as it bubbles up and away from the pan. Cook the first pizzette for about 1 minute, or until golden-brown.Use the kitchen tongs to carefully flip the dough and cook the other side for about 1 minute. Remove from the pan and set aside to drain on kitchen paper. Repeat the process with the rest of the dough discs. It’s nice to scatter the cooked fritte with extra salt and some dried oregano when they come out of the pan.Serve the pizzette fritte with a large spoonful of the baked ricotta and tomato. Add an optional extra dusting of Parmesan if liked.