For the pavlovas, preheat the oven to 140C/280F/Gas 1.Place the egg whites into a clean bowl and whisk until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed from the bowl. Add the sugar, a spoonful at a time, while whisking continuously. Whisk until all of the sugar is incorporated and stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed. Gently fold in the cornflour and white wine vinegar.Line a baking tray with parchment paper and place six large spoonfuls of the pavlova mixture onto the tray, in small rounds with a small hollow in the middle. Bake in the oven for 10-12 minutes, or until crisp but not coloured, then turn the oven off and leave for 2-3 hours (or preferably overnight).Just before serving, whip the double cream in a bowl until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.For the roasted peaches, preheat the oven to 170C/340F/Gas 3.Place 150g/5oz of the sugar into a heavy-based pan with the water and dissolve over a low heat, stirring occasionally to make a syrup. When the sugar syrup is completely clear, increase the heat and cook for 4-5 minutes, or until the mixture changes colour to a light caramel.Remove the pan from the heat and carefully stir in the orange and peach juice (be careful as the mixture may spit). Set aside to cool.Using a mini blowtorch, blacken the skins of the peaches, then use a clean cloth to wipe the skins away. Brush the peeled peaches with the soft butter, using a pastry brush. Sprinkle the peaches with the remaining sugar, making sure they are thoroughly coated (alternatively, sprinkle the sugar on a plate and roll the peaches in it).Place the peaches into a small roasting tin and spoon the caramel over. Roast in the oven for 30 minutes, basting the peaches every ten minutes, until the peaches are golden-brown and caramelised.Add the raspberries and almonds to the roasting tin during the final ten minutes of cooking.To serve, place a meringue round each onto six serving plates. Spoon the whipped cream on top and place a peach in the centre of each meringue. Spoon the caramel sauce around and scatter the raspberries and almonds over and around.