Place the soaked pork knuckles in a large saucepan of water. Add the bay leaf, peppercorns, onion and garlic. Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 1- 2 hours until cooked through. To check if the pork is cooked, push a sharp knife into the meat, if it easily slides in then it is cooked, or see if the little bone comes free easily.Preheat the oven to 160C/140C Fan/Gas 1 and line a baking tray.For the cauliflower, put the yoghurt, curry powder and garlic paste into a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Mix to combine.Put the cauliflower on the prepared tray. Pierce the cauliflower all over using a sharp knife, so the yoghurt mix absorbs into the cauliflower. Spread the spiced yoghurt all over the cauliflower.Cook in the oven for 50 minutes to 1 hour, or until tender (this will depend on the size of your cauliflower). Remove the cauliflower and set aside.Increase the oven temperature to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4.When the knuckles are cooked, remove them from the poaching liqour and set aside. Discard the cooking liquor.Heat a large frying pan and add the butter. Once hot, add the knuckles and cook until golden-brown all over. Remove from the pan and set aside.Add the Madeira to the pan and cook until the volume of liquid is reduced by half. Add the stock and reduce again. Add the honey and cook until you have a thick, glossy sauce, then season with salt and pepper. Coat the knuckles in the glaze and roast in the oven for 10-15 minutes.Meanwhile, for the aubergine purée. Preheat a grill, barbeque or cast iron pan and place the aubergines on it. Cook until black and blistered. Transfer to a bowl and cover with cling film. Leave to stand for 10-15 minutes.Once the aubergines are cool, discard the cling film and remove the black skin. Put the aubergine flesh in a food processor and season with salt and pepper. Blend, adding enough oil to make a smooth purée.To serve, place a glazed knuckle on each serving plate with a little sauce over it. Add a spoonful of aubergine purée and a wedge of cauliflower. Sprinkle the coriander and chilli over the cauliflower.