For the venison consommé, blend all the ingredients together in a food processor, apart from the stock, Madeira and parsley. Set aside.Place the cold stock and Madeira in a large stock pot, then whisk in the blended ingredients. Bring the mixture to a boil as fast as you can, then reduce the heat to a simmer, and you will find that the whisked egg whites will start to rise to the top of the stock. This will form a thick crust over the stock. Cook for 45 minutes.Line a sieve with a piece of clean, unused muslin. Gently ladle the crust into the sieve and then slowly ladle the liquid over the crust. Allow time for the liquid to pass through the crust and sieve before adding any more. Avoid pushing the stock through the muslin.The liquid should be crystal clear and amber in colour. Pour the liquid into a clean pan and set aside.For the haggis ravioli, place the flour, salt, oil and eggs and egg yolks into a food processor and pulse until it forms small crumbs. Remove the mixture from the food processor and pull together to form a dough. Knead the dough lightly for 2-3 minutes, or until it is smooth and elastic. Wrap in cling film and place in the fridge for 20 minutes.Flour the pasta machine and turn it to the lowest (thickest) setting. Feed the dough through the machine, turning the handle with one hand and holding the dough as it comes through the machine with the other. Change the setting on the pasta machine to the next-thickest setting, flour it again and feed the pasta sheet through the machine again, as before. Repeat this process 3-4 more times, flouring the machine and changing the setting down each time - it helps to cut the pasta into smaller pieces as you work to prevent it drying out. Cover any pasta you are not working on with cling film. Set the pasta aside.Break up the haggis and roll into balls about 2.5cm/1in wide. Lay a sheet of pasta onto a lightly floured work surface and place the haggis balls along it, leaving a gap of about 6cm/2½in between them. Brush the pasta with egg wash and cover with another sheet of pasta. Cut out a circle around each ball of haggis using a biscuit cutter to make ravioli and press down around the edges to seal the layers of pasta together. Set aside until ready to cook.For the venison loin, heat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 7. Season the venison with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Heat some rapeseed oil in a heavy-based oven-proof pan. Fry the loin on all sides, add a bit of butter, spoon it over to glaze the meat and transfer to the oven. Cook for about six minutes. Remove from the oven, cover and leave to rest in a warm place until you are ready to serve.To cook the ravioli, bring a large pan of salted water to the boil and gently lower the ravioli into the pan. Cook for 1-2 minutes, or until they float to the top of the water. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on a plate lined with kitchen paper. Toss with a little olive oil, salt, and freshly ground black pepper and keep warm.Boil the diced turnip in a pan of water with the sugar and butter.  Boil until cooked through then drain.Cook the diced potatoes in a steamer until cooked.To finish the consommé, reheat it to hot, but not boiling. Stir in the chopped parsley.To serve, put a few ravioli onto each serving plate, top with a slice of venison, garnish with potatoes and turnips and pour over some of the consommé.