Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.For the sage and onion stuffing, preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6. Heat a frying pan until medium hot, add the butter, onions and sage and fry gently for five minutes until softened.Place the breadcrumbs into a bowl with the softened onions and mix to combine then add the egg and season with salt and black pepper.Mix well then form into eight balls and place onto a roasting tray. (Alternatively, use to stuff the chicken.) Roast in the oven for 20 minutes until crisp. Set aside to keep warm.For the chicken, rub the butter and olive oil over the chicken and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Roast the chicken for 20 minutes per 450g/1lb, basting regularly.Meanwhile, for the bacon chipolatas, place the bacon onto a chopping board, then using the side of the knife, stretch and flatten the bacon until about half as long again.Cut each strip of bacon in half across, then wrap each piece around a chipolata, securing with a toothpick.Place onto a roasting tray and roast for 15 minutes until golden-brown and cooked through.For the bread sauce, stud the onion all over with the cloves, then place into a saucepan along with the bay leaf, peppercorns and milk. Bring the mixture to the boil, remove the pan from the heat and set to cool for 15 minutes.Remove the onion, bay leaf and peppercorns, then stir in the breadcrumbs.Return the pan to the heat and cook very gently for 5-10 minutes, stirring occasionally until the breadcrumbs have absorbed all the liquid.Stir in the butter and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.To check whether the chicken is cooked, push a skewer into the thigh at the thickest point. If the juices run clear the chicken is cooked. Remove the chicken from the roasting tin and set aside to rest for 15 minutes. Carve the chicken into eight pieces as follows – remove the legs and cut into thigh and drumstick. Remove the wings, and cut the chicken crown into four pieces. Set aside, covered with foil, to keep warm.Roughly chop the wings and remaining carcass.To make the gravy, place the roasting tin onto the hob and heat gently, stirring with a wooden spoon and scraping up all the bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the chopped chicken carcass and fry for one minute.Stir in the flour and cook for 1-2 minutes. Add the wine and simmer until the volume of the wine has reduced by half. Add the stock and simmer for five minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then pass the gravy through a sieve into a jug and keep warm until ready to serve.For the game chips, heat the vegetable oil in a deep, heavy-bottomed saucepan until a small cube of bread sizzles and turns golden-brown when dropped into it. (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.)Deep-fry the potato slices for 1-2 minutes, or until golden-brown. Remove the game chips from the oil with a slotted spoon, set aside to drain on kitchen paper and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.To serve, place a couple of pieces of chicken on the plate. Add a spoonful of bread sauce, some game chips, stuffing and bacon sausages. Finish with a dollop of redcurrant jelly and generous pouring of gravy.