For the dock pudding, heat a heavy-based pan over a medium heat. Add the butter and, when melted, add the onions, cover and let them sweat gently for about two minutes, until soft.When the onions have softened, add the oatmeal and mix until well combined. Add the vegetable stock, increase the heat and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated.Add the blanched dock leaves and nettle leaves and stir until well combined.Remove the mixture from the pan and place onto a cling film-lined baking tray, pressing down until the mixture is about 1.5cm/½in thick. Cover with cling film and refrigerate for at least one hour.When the mixture has chilled, cut into rounds 7cm/2¾ in diameter. Dust the rounds lightly with flour.Heat a frying pan over a medium heat, add the clarified butter and fry the rounds for 2-3 minutes on both sides, or until golden-brown and cooked through.For the roebuck, heat a non-stick frying pan until hot. Add some of the olive oil and fry the roebuck pieces on each side until golden-brown on the outside, but still pink in the middle, approximately 1-2 minutes on both sides. (You may need to work in batches, adding more oil as you go.) Allow the cooked roebuck to rest in a warm place.Heat a large heavy-based pan until hot. Add the butter, then add the spinach and cook until just wilted, 1-2 minutes. Season to taste with salt and nutmeg.Place the cooked spinach onto a baking tray lined with a clean tea towel to absorb the excess liquid.For the damsons, place the damsons, sugar and orange juice into a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook gently for 2-3 minutes, or until the damsons are tender.For the juniper sauce, place the orange juice and red wine in a heavy-based pan over a medium heat. Bring to the boil and simmer until the liquid has reduced in volume by three-quarters.Add the red wine sauce and the juniper berries and return the sauce a simmer. Simmer gently for 2-3 minutes, then pass the sauce through a fine sieve into a clean saucepan. Add the butter to the sauce and blend with a hand blender until smooth.To serve, place a portion of the dock pudding on the left hand side of each serving plate. Place two pieces of the roebuck each to the right and a portion of spinach in the middle.  Spoon the damsons over and drizzle the sauce around.