For the lemon curd, put all ingredients except the butter in a pan over a low heat. Using a whisk, keep the mixture moving constantly. Cook gently until it thickens.Remove from the heat and whisk the butter. Pour onto a tray to cool and stop it cooking.For the spice mix, put all ingredients in a blender or spice grinder and blend to a powder. (This recipe makes more spice mix than you need for the dish. Save the rest in an airtight container.)For the granola, heat a deep-fat fryer to 180C, or heat the oil in a deep-sided, heavy based pan until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns golden-brown when dropped into it. (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.)Carefully add the pumpkin seeds and fry until they stop bubbling. Strain the oil through a sieve into another pan. Put seeds on a tray lined with kitchen paper.Reheat the oil to 210C. Carefully add the rice and fry until it puffs up. Strain into another pan through a sieve and put the rice on a tray lined with kitchen paper. Allow to cool. Put in a bowl, add all the other ingredients and mix well.For the fregola, bring 1 litre/1¾ pints water to the boil and add the fregola. Cook for 10-12 minutes until soft, then drain.Put the fregola in a pan with enough shell fish stock to cover the fregola. Bring to the boil and cook until the liquid has reduced to a quarter of its volume. Stir in the crab and remove from the heat. Stir in the butter and Parmesan, to taste. Season with salt and lime juice and finish with chives.For the salmon, heat a non-stick frying pan and add a little sunflower oil. Season the salmon lightly with salt and put it in the pan, skin-side down. Reduce the heat and cook gently for 5-6 minutes. Turn the salmon over.Add the butter and 100ml/3½fl oz water and gently shake to create an emulsion. Turn off the heat and leave the salmon to carry on cooking for 1-2 minutes. Pour a little lemon juice over the fish and remove from the pan.To serve, divide the fregola between 4 serving bowls. Lay a piece of salmon on top. Add 2 dessert spoons of granola, a few pieces of samphire and dot a couple of teaspoons of lemon curd around the bowl.