Preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6 and line two baking trays with baking paper.To make the potatoes, bring a saucepan of salted water to the boil, and parboil the potatoes for 5 minutes, then drain.Lightly oil a third baking tray and add the parboiled potatoes, rosemary and garlic. Cover with the stock and bake for 1 hour, or until the potatoes are soft and slightly browned at the edges. Drain and keep warm.To make the stuffed tomatoes, slice off the top third of each tomato and reserve. Scoop out the pulp and juices and transfer them to a food processor. Blend until smooth.Season the insides of the tomatoes with salt and place upside-down on a wire rack.Gently fry the garlic in the extra virgin olive oil until browned. Add the blended tomato and simmer for 10 minutes over a low heat, until thickened. Remove the garlic, season with salt and pepper and stir in the herbs. Pour into a large bowl.Boil the rice in salted water for 15–18 minutes, or until al dente. Drain and add to the tomato sauce. Add the pecorino and Parmesan and stir well.Place the hollowed out tomatoes on one of the prepared baking trays. Fill each with a tablespoon of the rice mixture, add a piece of scamorza and cover with more rice to fill. Lay the tomato tops on the other prepared baking sheet. Drizzle the tomatoes and tops with oil and season with pepper. Put the tops on and bake on the bottom shelf of the oven for 55 minutes.To make the broad bean and pecorino mousse, bring a saucepan of water to the boil and cook the broad beans for 5 minutes. Drain and remove the skins when cool enough to handle.Put the beans in a food processor with the lemon juice, mint, pecorino and extra virgin olive oil. Season with salt and blend for 5 seconds to form a coarse ‘mousse’.For the salmon, melt the butter in a frying pan on a low heat and fry the salmon for 3–5 minutes on each side, or until lightly golden and cooked.To serve, put the tops on the tomatoes and serve with the potatoes. Spread the broad bean mousse over the skin side of each salmon fillet. Scatter a few extra mint leaves over.