Preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6 and line two large baking trays with baking paper.For the red pepper and ricotta rolls, place the peppers in a bowl and add the two cheeses and the basil. Mix together and season with salt and pepper.On a floured work surface, roll out the pastry to make it slightly thinner and to form a rectangle measuring about 25x48cm/10x19in. Brush the pastry with the beaten egg and cut it widthways into six strips each measuring about 8x25cm/3x10in.Divide the pepper and cheese mixture into six and place a sixth of the mixture along the long edge of each pastry strip, leaving a 1cm/½in border. Brush both long edges with beaten egg, then fold the pastry in half lengthways and press the long edges together to seal.Trim the edges of the pastry using a sharp knife and then crimp with the back of a fork. Place the finished rolls in the fridge to chill as you make the others.Use a large sharp knife to slice each roll on the diagonal into 4–5 pieces, then place on one of the prepared baking trays and brush with more beaten egg. Leave the vegetarian rolls in the fridge while you prepare the meat ones.For the mini sausage rolls with thyme, place the sausage meat, cheese and thyme in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Mash together with a fork until combined.Roll out the pastry on a floured work surface so that it is slightly thinner and forms a rectangle the same size as the vegetarian rolls (25x48cm/10x19in). Brush the pastry with the beaten egg and then similarly cut it widthways into six strips each measuring about 8x25cm/3x10in.Divide the sausage mixture into six even-sized portions, then roll each into a long sausage shape and place lengthways along one side of each pastry strip, leaving a 1cm/½in border along that edge. Brush both long edges with beaten egg, then fold the pastry in half lengthways and press the long edges together to seal.Trim the edges using a sharp knife and then crimp with the back of a fork. Place the finished rolls in the fridge to chill as you make the others. The rolls benefit from being chilled before baking, so if you have time, leave them in the fridge for 10 minutes first.Use a large sharp knife to slice each roll on the diagonal into 5–6 pieces. Place on the prepared baking tray and brush with more beaten egg.Bake the vegetarian rolls for 15–18 minutes, or until golden-brown and cooked through. Bake the meat rolls for 12–15 minutes, or until golden-brown and cooked through. Serve warm.