Drain the split peas and put them aside.Put the onions, garlic, ginger and two tablespoons of water in a mini food processor and blend to a paste.Heat the ghee or oil in a heavy-based saucepan over a medium heat, add the onion paste and cook for about 10 minutes. Stir in the lamb mince and split peas, pour over enough water to just cover the meat (roughly 400ml/14fl oz), add half a teaspoon of salt, partially cover with a lid and bring to a simmer. Cook for 20 minutes then remove the lid and cook for a further 5–10 minutes, or until the meat is just starting to brown and catch on the bottom. It’s important that any excess moisture has evaporated. Transfer to a plate and leave to cool for about 15 minutes.Tip the mixture into a food processor and blend into a smooth paste. Add the green chillies, coriander, garam masala, chilli powder, cumin, the remaining salt and the lime juice to the lamb mixture and blend again, then gradually add enough of the egg to bind the mixture without making it too wet. Transfer the mix into a bowl and stir in the flour.In a separate bowl, mix together all the filling ingredients and drain off any excess liquid.To shape the kebabs, wet your hands and divide the mixture into about 16–20 portions. (If the mixture a little too wet to shape into patties, then add another tablespoon of flour.) Shape one portion into a patty about 4cm/1½in in diameter and 5mm thick. Spoon three-quarters of a teaspoon of the filling in the middle of the patty, and draw the edges around and over it to encase the filling and form a rough ball. Then, carefully, flatten it into a 5mm-thick patty. Place on a tray and repeat with the remaining mixture. Refrigerate for an hour.Heat a few tablespoons of oil in a heavy-based frying pan over a medium heat. Fry the patties in batches for 2–3 minutes on each side, or until golden-brown and cooked through. Remove the patties from the pan and add the lime quarters for 1–2 minutes until warm.Sprinkle the kebabs with a little salt and serve with the lime wedges, red onion rings and green chutney on the side.