For the stuffing, add the ingredients to a saucepan over a low heat. Gently increase the heat as the fat starts to melt. Cook for 10-15 minutes.Place the mixture in a sieve over a bowl. Set aside until the fat has drained into the bowl and the filling is cool.For the chilli cheese mixture, mix all the ingredients in a bowl.For the bread, combine the yeast, semolina, flour, salt and dulse powder (if using) in a large food processor fitted with the metal chopping blade. With the motor running, slowly add 250ml/9fl oz warm water until combined, then process for a further 10-20 seconds. Scrape down the sides of the bowl using a plastic spatula. Add the lid and set aside for about an hour, or until doubled in size. Alternatively, to make the dough by hand, combine the dry ingredients in a large bowl and make a well in the middle. Mix in the warm water to form a dough, knead a little until smooth then cover and set aside until it has doubled in size.When the dough has risen, pulse quickly 4-5 times then process for 20 seconds nonstop. Replace the lid and let the dough rest for 5 minutes, then churn again another 20 seconds. (Alternatively, knock it back on a lightly floured work surface then knead for 5-10 minutes until smooth and elastic). The dough will roll into a ball and leave the sides of the work bowl reasonably clean.Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and shape into a ball. Roll in the flour to dust lightly, cover with a clean tea towel and set aside to prove until doubled in size. When the dough has doubled in size, knock it back. Divide into 8-10 portions and form into balls.Lightly dust the work surface and roll out each dough ball to a 15cm/6in disc. Grease two large baking trays with vegetable oil.Place a tablespoonful of the chilli cheese mixture in the centre of each disc (any leftover mixture can be frozen for later use). Put the drained stuffing on top of the cheese. Apply some water around the edges of the disc and then fold over to encase the filling and form a ball.Place the rolls on the baking tray, leaving 5-7cm/2-3in of space between each. Set aside in a warm place until the dough has nearly doubled in size (about an hour).Preheat the oven to 250C/240C fan/Gas 9. Brush the tops of the rolls with a little melted butter and bake for 8-10 minutes, or until golden-brown and cooked through. Set aside to cool.For the spiced baked beans, melt the butter in a saucepan. When melted, add the cumin seeds and gently fry for a minute over a medium heat (take care not to burn the butter). Add the garlic, green chilli and onions and cook until the onions are soft. Add the beans and simmer for 10-15 minutes, or until the beans are fully heated through.Just before serving, stir in the coriander and serve the beans with the warm bread rolls.