For the yuzu dressing, blend all of the dressing ingredients, except the vegetable oil, to a smooth purée in a food processor.With the motor still running, gradually pour in the vegetable oil in a thin stream, until the mixture has thickened and resembles mayonnaise. Season, to taste, with more yuzu juice, as required. Chill until needed.For the black bean squid, put the squid in a bowl and mix well with the Shaoxing rice wine (or dry sherry), soy sauce, sesame oil and cornflour. Leave to marinate for about 20 minutes.Heat a wok or large frying pan until it is very hot. Add half of the vegetable oil and when it is very hot and slightly smoking, lift the squid out of the marinade with a slotted spoon and quickly stir fry for 2-3 minutes. Transfer the squid to a bowl and remove the pan from the heat.Wipe the wok clean, reheat it and add the remaining oil. Quickly add the black beans, garlic, spring onions and shallots. A few seconds later add the light soy sauce, sugar, chicken stock and sesame oil. Bring the mixture to a boil and then return the squid to the work or pan. Stir fry the entire mixture for another 5 minutes.For the deep-fried squid, heat the oil in a deep fat fryer to 190C. Alternatively, heat the oil in a deep heavy-based frying pan until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns brown when dropped into it. (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.)Sprinkle the flour onto a plate and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Dredge the squid rings in the seasoned flour until completely coated, shaking off any excess.Beat the eggs in a bowl, then sprinkle the Japanese panko breadcrumbs onto a separate plate. Dip each floured squid ring first in the beaten egg, then dredge it in the panko breadcrumbs until completely coated.Carefully lower the coated squid rings, in batches, into the hot oil. Fry for 2-3 minutes, or until crisp and golden-brown. Remove from the oil using a slotted spoon and set aside to drain on kitchen paper. Keep warm. Repeat the process with the remaining coated squid rings.To serve, place the squid with black bean sauce on a serving plate and garnish with the strips of spring onion and red chilli. Divide the deep-fried squid equally among four serving plates. Top with the onions, herbs, chilli and lime juice. Drizzle over the yuzu dressing. Dress with the coriander cress. Serve immediately.