Start by putting the potatoes into a large saucepan of cold water. Turn the heat up to high and let the potatoes cook for 6 minutes.Meanwhile, spatchcock the chicken by cutting it through the backbone and opening it up. Flatten the chicken by pushing down on the breast.Drain the potatoes, then put them back into the pan with the lid on and give them a few furious shakes – this will help to rough up the edges.Preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6. Take a large roasting tray, big enough to fit all the potatoes, and add the clarified butter. Pop the tray into the oven for about 15 minutes, until the butter is smoking.Get another tray big enough to fit the chicken. Put the chicken in the tray and tease your hand under the skin to create a cavity. Do this all over the chicken.Mix together the oil, ginger, garlic granules and salt in a bowl. Using your hands push this mixture under the skin of the chicken. Do this all over the chicken until you have no more mixture left. Turn the chicken skin side down in the tray and cover with foil.Add the salt and baking powder to the potatoes and give them a good toss in the saucepan. Take the tray of hot butter out of the oven and gently put the potatoes in. You should hear a really good sizzle.Put the chicken into the oven with the tray of roasties underneath it. Cook for 30 minutes.Meanwhile make the stuffing balls. Put the fresh coriander, pine nuts, salt, ground coriander, breadcrumbs, chicken and egg into a food processor and whiz until the mixture comes together.Put a medium frying pan on a high heat and add the oil. Divide the stuffing mixture into 8, then wet your hands and shape each one into a smooth ball. Fry for 20 minutes, swirling the pan occasionally so that they cook evenly.After 30 minutes, take the chicken out of the oven. Take off the foil and turn the chicken around to crisp up the skin. Put back into the oven. Give the roasties a quick stir and cook them alongside the chicken for another 20 minutes.To cook the greens, put a frying pan on a high heat and add the oil. Add the garlic and fry until brown, then add the turmeric and salt and toss in the green beans – these literally take just about 5 minutes.Meanwhile make the gravy: put a small saucepan on the hob on a medium to high heat. Add the oil to the pan, along with the cinnamon stick and garlic. When the garlic has browned, add the tomato paste, tomatoes and salt and cook gently until the tomatoes have softened.Add the salt, tamarind and water. Let it all cook gently while the chicken cooks, allowing it to thicken. This should only take 10 minutes. When it’s ready, remove the cinnamon stick.Blitz the gravy using a stick blender, then add the cornflour and water mixture and cook for another 5 minutes, giving enough time for the gravy to thicken and the flour to cook out.Serve the meal with some warmed-up Yorkshire puddings – I always have a stash in the freezer that can be warmed up just before serving. Hope you enjoy my alternative slightly out-there Sunday roast.