To make the suya spice, put all the ingredients in a jam jar, seal and shake.For the ‘suyannaise’, put the egg yolk into a medium bowl and whisk with the suya spice and lemon juice until pale. Add a little oil, whisk again. Whisk continuously adding the remaining oil gradually in a thin stream until the mayonnaise is very thick.Once all the oil is combined, add the boiling water and whisk until the mayonnaise has a soft, dropping consistency. (You can also make the mayonnaise in a small food processor.) Transfer to a small bowl, cover the surface with cling film and store in the fridge.For the watermelon salad, mix the melon, cucumber, feta and parsley in a bowl and top with toasted nigella seeds. Set aside.For the sweet potato cubes, cut the sweet potato into 2cm/¾in cubes. Half-fill a medium saucepan with water and bring to the boil. Add the sweet potato and cook for 5½ minutes, then drain in a sieve and leave to stand to cool and dry.For the caramelised onions, save a few of the larger onion rings to serve raw inside the burger. Heat a tablespoon of the oil in a small non-stick saucepan over a low heat and gently fry the remaining onion for 6–8 minutes or until very soft and lightly browned, stirring regularly. Add the sugar and cook for a few seconds more, stirring. Set aside.Preheat a deep-fat fryer to 180C. (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.)For the burger, place the steaks on a board and cover with a sheet of cling film. Bash with a rolling pin or the base of a heavy saucepan until around 15mm/⅝in thick, then season with the pepper.Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a medium non-stick frying pan and fry the steaks for 1½ minutes on each side, over a high heat or until cooked to your liking. Set aside to rest for 5 minutes.Add the sweet potato cubes to the fryer and cook for about 4 minutes or until golden-brown. Drain on kitchen paper.Meanwhile, lightly toast the bread buns. Divide the bun bases between two plates. Top each one with a tablespoon of suyannaise, lettuce, slices of tomato and the reserved sliced red onion.Sprinkle the rested steaks in suya spice and crumble the cheese on top. Melt with a blowtorch or place on a baking tray under a preheated hot grill until melted. Place in the bun and top with caramelised onions.Serve the burgers with the watermelon salad and hot sweet potato cubes on the side.