Mix together the ingredients for the first marinade. Rub all over the chicken breasts, then leave in the fridge for 20 minutes so the juices can drain.Mix the ingredients for the second marinade. Add the chicken and turn to coat, then leave in a cool place for 2-3 hours.Meanwhile, make the black lentil sauce. Put the lentils, two tbsp of the oil, the ginger, garlic and whole chillies in a pan and cover with water. Bring to the boil, then simmer gently until the lentils are cooked to a soft texture and the liquid has reduced. Discard the garlic and chillies.Prepare the seasoning for the lentil sauce by sautéing the cumin seeds, ginger-garlic paste and chopped green chilli in the remaining oil until soft. Stir in the tomato paste followed by all the ground spices.Add the cooked lentils to the seasoning and simmer for 10-15 minutes.Add the butter, cream and coriander with salt to taste. Blend with a hand blender to give a sauce consistency. Set aside, and reheat for serving.Next make the pulao. Heat the butter and oil in a saucepan and fry the onions with the cinnamon, cardamom and mace until golden brown.Add the drained rice, salt and 1 litre/1¾ pints of water. Bring to the boil, then cover the pan tightly and cook until the rice is tender and all liquid has been absorbed. Add the spinach and herb purée and mascarpone or cream just before serving.Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.While the rice is cooking, thread the chicken breasts onto skewers, place the breasts on a non-stick baking tray and cook in the oven for three minutes. Reduce the oven heat to 160C/325F/Gas 3 and cook for a further 15 minutes.Baste the chicken breasts with the butter-oil mixture and cook for a further five minutes or until the chicken is cooked through (juices will run clear). Remove from the oven, baste the chicken again and sprinkle with the lime juice and chaat masala. Keep hot.Toss all the ingredients together for the salad.To serve, ladle the sauce onto four plates and spread out to cover. Place a large spoonful of herb pulao in the centre of each plate, set a tandoori chicken breast on the rice and garnish with the rocket and mango salad. Place the Peshawari naan on the side.