For the BBQ marinade, place all the ingredients into a food processor and blend until smooth. Place the chops in a glass bowl and pour over the marinade and set aside in the fridge for at least for two hours.For the den miso, place all ingredients in a large bowl and whisk. Add to a hot frying pan and cook for 2-3 minutes.For the miso grilled aubergine, heat a deep-fat fryer, or fill a large, deep, heavy-based pan two-thirds full with vegetable oil. Heat the oil to 180C/350F (use a probe thermometer to check the temperature if you're not using a deep-fat fryer). (CAUTION: Hot oil can be dangerous. Don't leave unattended)Preheat the grill to high.Place the aubergine chunks into the deep fat fryer and cook for about two minutes until golden-brown. Remove and drain on kitchen paper.Coat each piece with a generous dollop of den miso sauce.Place under the grill for 1-2 minutes.For the pickled daikon, place the daikon in a glass bowl.Place heat all the other ingredients in a saucepan to melt the sugar and salt.Pour the liquid over the daikon and allow to cool. Refrigerate for an hour and then it’s ready to use.For the spicy Korean miso, whisk together all the ingredients except from the egg yolk and cook gently in a saucepan over a very low heat for 5-8 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the egg yolk. Allow to cool before using.For the smoking mix and BBQ lamb chops, wipe the marinade off the lamb chops.Heat a wok and add the wood chips. Once smoking add the rice, heat through and then add the green tea.Place a rack on top and place the lamb on the rack, cover and smoke for two minutes on each side. Remove the lamb and set aside to cool.Rub the lamb chops with a little olive oil and season with salt and pepper.Heat a large char grill and cook the lamb for 2-3 minutes each side depending on the thickness of the chop, or until just pink in the middle. Place the cut lime on the griddle too while cooking the lamb.To serve, arrange the aubergine on a serving plate.Top with the walnuts, sesame seeds and a light sprinkling of the sansho pepper and a small wedge of lemon.Serve a mound of pickled daikon on a separate plate with the lamb chops sprinkled with chives and topped with mizuna.