For the teriyaki salmon, heat a frying pan until hot, add the rice wine, sake, mirin, soy sauce and caster sugar and bring the mixture to a simmer. Simmer for 1-2 minutes, or until the mixture has just thickened. Remove from the heat and allow to cool down to room temperature.Put the salmon in a shallow tray and pour over half of the teriyaki mixture. Turn to coat the salmon in the sauce, cover, then place in the fridge to marinate for at least an hour.Heat a frying pan until hot, then add the salmon, presentation side-down, and fry for 1-2 minutes. Flip it over.Pour over the remaining teriyaki sauce and use to glaze the salmon while it cooks for another 2-3 minutes, or until just cooked through. Remove the pan from the heat and rest the salmon for a couple of minutes.For the coriander salad, place the ginger, garlic, chillies, red peppers, bamboo shoots, cabbage, coriander leaves and cress into a bowl and toss.Mix the palm sugar, soy and fish sauce and lime juice together until just combined, then pour over the salad and toss.Heat a separate wok with about 2.5cm/1in of vegetable oil until just shimmering. (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.). Add the lotus root and fry until just golden-brown, then drain immediately on kitchen paper. Season with salt and a little black pepper.For the coriander mayo, bring a pan of water to the boil, add the coriander and cook for 1 minute. Drain and refresh in a bowl of iced water, then squeeze out the excess liquid. Place in a blender with the oil and blend until green and a fine purée.Place the egg yolks, vinegar, mustard, salt and lemon juice in a clean food processor and blend. With the motor still running, gradually add the coriander oil. Continue until all the oil has been added and the mayonnaise has thickened. You may not need all the oil to achieve the correct consistency. Season with salt and black pepper.To serve, spoon the mayonnaise onto the plate and top with a pile of salad. Lay the teriyaki salmon on top and finish with a few lotus crisps.