For the teriyaki brine, place the salt and two litres water into a pan. It is very important to weigh the salt accurately. Bring to the boil with a lid on to avoid any evaporation.Remove from the heat, allow to cool, then chill.  Stir in the teriyaki marinade sauce.Place the salmon in a deep plastic or stainless steel tray and pour over the teriyaki brine. Ensure the salmon is completely submerged.Cover and set aside in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Remove the salmon from the brine and pat dry with kitchen paper. Cut the salmon into four portions.For the sweet and sour peppers, place the sugar, white wine vinegar and the red chilli in a saucepan, bring to the boil then remove and discard the chilli.Add the sliced peppers to the boiling sweet and sour liquid.Remove from the heat and allow to cool in the liquid. The peppers and liquid can be stored in the refrigerator at this stage until required.When serving, drain all excess liquid from the peppers.For wasabi hollandaise, melt the butter in a saucepan and set aside to cool slightly.Place the lime juice, whole egg and egg yolks into a mixing bowl.Place the bowl over a pan of boiling water (ensure that the bowl does not touch the water). Whisk continuously until the mixture is warm, thick and light (the temperature of the eggs should be about 80C).Remove the bowl from the heat and whisk in the melted butter, cream and wasabi. Season with salt to taste.Place a square of cheesecloth in a clean mixing bowl. Sieve the finished hollandaise sauce through the cheesecloth.Pour the sieved hollandaise sauce into a 500ml/18fl oz whipped cream canister suitable for warm preparations.Charge the cream whipper with two gas chargers. Shake vigorously and leave at room temperature until required.For the teriyaki glaze, mix the teriyaki marinade sauce, lime juice and wasabi paste together.Heat a griddle pan until hot. Lightly brush the salmon with a touch of sesame oil.Griddle the salmon on its unbrined sides for three minutes per side. Remove from the griddle pan and generously brush with teriyaki glaze.Wilt the pak choi leaves in a warm pan with the sesame oil and a little water. Season with salt to taste.To serve, divide the sweet and sour peppers among four serving plates, piling them in the centre. Place the wilted pak choi leaves around the plate.Place a piece of the teriyaki salmon on top of the peppers.Sprinkle the coriander cress and toasted sesame seeds on top of the salmon.Spoon a little of the teriyaki glaze around the plate.Vigorously shake the hollandaise in the whipped cream canister and squirt three dollops of hollandaise on each plate. Serve immediately.