To make the mayonnaise, put the egg yolks into a medium bowl with the Dijon mustard and white wine vinegar and whisk together until evenly combined.Slowly drizzle in the oil, whisking continuously to emulsify the mixture. Once all the oil is added, you should have a thick and glossy mayonnaise. Season with salt and a squeeze of lemon juice.Put the mayonnaise in a blender or food processor and add the watercress. Pulse until it you have a smooth, green mayonnaise. Season with lemon juice and salt and pepper. Cover and chill until needed.Place a grouse breast between 2 sheets of cling film and use a meat mallet or rolling pin to lightly bash until flattened. Repeat with the remaining breasts and pat dry.Put the flour into a shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper. Beat 2 of the eggs with the milk in a second shallow bowl, and place the breadcrumbs in a third shallow bowl. One by one, dip the breasts into the flour to cover completely, patting off the excess. Dip into the eggs and finally in the breadcrumbs, patting the crumbs on well until covered.Heat a large well-seasoned sauté or frying pan over a medium-high heat and add a 5mm layer of oil. Once hot, add the breasts and fry for 2–3 minutes on each side until golden brown and crispy, cooking in batches, if necessary. As each fillet is cooked, transfer it to kitchen paper and drain well.Wipe out the pan, return to the heat and add a small amount of oil. Add the black pudding and fry for 1–2 minutes on each side, or until cooked through and lightly crispy. Set aside and keep hot.Wipe out the pan again, and return to the heat. Add a dash oil to thinly cover the surface. Once hot, crack in the 4 remaining eggs and fry until cooked to your liking.Meanwhile, toast the sourdough bread on both sides.To assemble, butter the hot toast and spread with watercress mayonnaise. Add a grouse breast to each slice, top with two slices of the black pudding, lots of watercress leaves and a fried egg with freshly cracked black pepper sprinkled over the top. Serve immediately with the remaining watercress mayonnaise on the side.