The day before you want to serve the steaks, place them into a large mixing bowl, pour over the wine and add the thyme. Cover the bowl and chill in the fridge overnight.When the steaks have marinated, preheat the oven to 160C/140C Fan/Gas 3.Heat the oil in a flameproof casserole over a medium heat. Add the carrots, celery and onion and fry for 6-8 minutes, or until softened and golden-brown.Add the garlic, chopped tomatoes and Worcestershire sauce and stir well to combine.Lay the marinated steaks on top of the vegetables and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Pour over the marinade and the stock and bring the mixture to the boil.Cut a circle of greaseproof paper slightly smaller than the diameter of the casserole. Place it inside the casserole to cover its contents. Transfer to the oven for 1½-1¾ hours, until the meat is very tender, but not falling apart. Remove the meat from the casserole, cover and set aside to rest. Keep warm.Meanwhile, take a ladleful of sauce from the casserole and pour it into a bowl. Whisk in the creamed horseradish until well combined. Strain the mixture back into the casserole through a fine sieve, discarding the sieve contents.Strain the whole casserole through a fine sieve, collecting the strained liquid in a clean saucepan. Simmer until it has thickened to the consistency of double cream. Season with salt and pepper, then stir in the butter and parsley. Set aside and keep warm.Heat the oil in a deep-fat fryer to 180C/350F. Alternatively, heat the oil in a deep-sided, heavy-based saucepan until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns golden-brown when dropped into it. (Caution: Hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.)In a large bowl, mix together the flour and smoked paprika until well combined. Pour the milk into a bowl.Dust the onion slices with the seasoned flour, then dip them into the milk. Finally, roll them in the seasoned flour again to coat.Carefully lower the onion slices into the hot oil and fry for 1-2 minutes, or until crisp and golden-brown.To serve, place one of the braised rib-eye steaks onto each of four serving plates. Spoon over a little of the sauce. Garnish with the deep-fried onions. Serve the new potatoes in a large bowl, dotted with the butter.