For the panna cotta, put the gelatine in a bowl of cold water and leave to soak for five minutes.Place the double cream, milk, sugar and vanilla seeds into a small pan and heat though gently, just enough for the sugar to dissolve, stirring from time to time.Meanwhile, put the yoghurt in a large jug, stirring to loosen it up and set aside. Remove the creamy mixture from the heat once ready.The gelatine should be soft by now, so lift it out of the water and squeeze the excess water out. Drop the gelatine into the creamy mixture and stir until dissolved. Leave to cool to body temperature for about 10-15 minutes.Meanwhile, prepare your glasses. You will need 6 x 200ml/7fl oz pretty glasses for serving, but as the layers are set at a slant, the glasses will need to be propped to one side. Depending on the shape or type of glass, you may find egg cartons or even crumpled tea towels perfect to help prop the glasses. They could also tilt perfectly sitting in individual ramekins. Whatever you use, set them on a large tray or trays that will easily fit in the fridge.Once cool, pour the creamy mixture over the yoghurt and then gently whisk everything together.Carefully pour the mixture into the six glasses, dividing it evenly, without allowing any to spill out. Carefully place the tray in the fridge and leave to set for 1-2 hours, or until nice and firm. To start the setting process off quickly, you can always put them in the freezer for 20 minutes or so before popping them in the fridge to finish setting.Meanwhile, for the jelly layer, place the raspberry jelly into a measuring jug. Pour over 200ml/7fl oz of just-boiled water and stir until the jelly dissolves. Stir in the pomegranate juice, then leave the liquid to cool to room temperature - make sure it is really cool so as to not melt the panna cotta on impact.Remove the set panna cottas from the fridge and stand the glasses upright, removing any props. Pour the cool jelly over each one, dividing it evenly. Return the glasses back to the fridge for about two hours, or until the jelly is set firm.When you are ready to serve, top each panna cotta with pomegranate seeds and sit on a serving plate with a small spoon. These will keep for a few days in the fridge.