Line a 20–21cm/8in square baking tin with a sheet of baking parchment so that it covers the base and comes up the sides of the tin.Tip the strong flour and cornflour into a large mixing bowl (or bowl of a free-standing mixer fitted with a dough hook). Add the yeast, caster sugar, cardamom and salt and mix to combine.Warm the milk either in a small pan, or in the microwave until lukewarm and add to the dry ingredients along with the dairy-free margarine. Mix well to combine, then tip out onto a lightly floured work surface and then knead for about 5 minutes, or until the dough is silky smooth and elastic. (If using the free-standing mixer simply knead the dough in the bowl using the dough hook.)Shape the dough into a ball. Return to the bowl, cover with cling film and leave in a warm, draught-free place for about 1 hour or until doubled in size.Meanwhile prepare the caramel sauce and apple cinnamon filling. In a small pan, melt together the dairy-free spread, golden syrup and soft light brown sugar. Add a pinch of salt, bubble for 10 seconds and then pour into the prepared tin.To make the cinnamon filling, mix together the soft light brown sugar, cinnamon and chopped pecans in a small bowl. Set aside.Lightly dust the work surface with flour, tip the dough out of the bowl and knead for 30 seconds to knock back any air pockets. Slowly roll the dough into a large, neat rectangle about 50 x 30 cm/20 x 12in and with one of the longer sides nearest to you. Carefully spread the apple butter (or puréed medjool dates) evenly to cover the dough. Scatter with the cinnamon sugar and chopped pecans.Starting with the side nearest to you roll the dough into a neat, long spiral log. Trim the ends to neaten and then cut the log into 9 even-sized slices and place them cut side uppermost in the prepared tin. Cover loosely with cling film and leave in a warm place for about 45 minutes or until the buns are well risen and springy to the touch.Meanwhile preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4.Remove the cling film and bake the buns on the middle shelf for about 30 minutes until golden brown. Serve warm or at room temperature.