If you are making mushroom stock from porcini mushrooms, steep the dried mushrooms in 350ml/12fl oz boiling water until the water is cool, then strain and set aside. Alternatively, make the stock using a mushroom stock cube.To make the sausages, mix all the dry ingredients together in a bowl. Add the wet ingredients and knead for 5 minutes, or until you have a firm dough. Divide the mixture into two equal portions and form each one into a 20cm/8in log. Lay out a sheet of cling film and place a log in the centre. Roll the cling film around the log, push out any trapped air and twist the ends to tighten it. This is best done by holding the cling film ends and rolling the log along the work surface a few times until the cling film is drum-skin tight. Wrap it neatly in kitchen foil. Repeat with the second portion.Place the wrapped sausages in a large saucepan of water and bring it to a low simmer. Poach for 1 hour, or until they feel very firm when squeezed. Remove from the water and leave to cool, then refrigerate overnight. Don’t remove the wrapping until they are completely chilled or they will expand and lose their shape.To make the potato 'cakes', preheat the oven to 200C/Fan 180C/Gas 6. Line a roasting tray with baking paper, brush it liberally with oil and scatter over salt. Boil the potatoes in salted water for 10–12 minutes, or until just tender. Drain well. Put the potatoes in the prepared tray and press each one down so it flattens. Brush with plenty of oil and season with salt. Roast for 25 minutes, then scatter over some thyme leaves and grind over pepper. Roast for a further 10 minutes, or until golden and crisp.Meanwhile, to make the garlic mushrooms, grease a roasting tray with oil. Mix the garlic with the dairy-free margarine and a good squeeze of lemon juice in a bowl. Arrange the mushrooms stalk side-up in the tray. Divide the mixture between the mushrooms and smear it into the gills, then season. Roast for 20 minutes.To make the smoky baked beans, heat a little oil in a saucepan and fry the onion over a medium–low heat for 10 minutes, until starting to soften. Add the tomato purée, passata, vinegar, paprika, bay leaf and sugar and season. Bring to a simmer and cook gently for 10 minutes. Stir in the haricot beans and cook for a further 10 minutes, until thickened.To make the scrambled tofu, heat the oil in a frying pan. Fry the onion and broccoli over a medium–low heat for 2–3 minutes, until cooked but with a little crunch. Crumble the tofu into the pan and stir well. Add half a teaspoon of salt, the spices and a splash of water if it looks too thick or dry. Cook for 2 minutes.Slice one of the sausages and cook gently in a frying pan (reserve the other for another day). Serve everything together.