Preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6.To make the roast aubergine, put the aubergine in a roasting tin with two garlic cloves and the thyme. Season with salt and pepper and coat in the oil. Roast for 30–40 minutes, turning every so often, until soft and golden.Meanwhile, to make the chipotle sauce, bring a small saucepan of water to the boil. Reduce the heat, add the chipotle chillies and simmer for 15 minutes.While the chillies cook, put the onion, garlic, oregano, thyme, cumin seeds, Tabasco, green chillies, boiling water, 1 tablespoon oil and a pinch of salt and pepper in a food processor. Blend for about 5 minutes, or until you have a paste.Drain the chipotle chillies, add them to the food processor, then blend again.Spoon the chilli paste back into the saucepan with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Cook for 2 minutes over a medium heat. Stir in the vinegars, tomato purée, soy sauce, sugar and lime juice. Bring to the boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes, or until a paste-like consistency is reached. Taste to see if more salt or sugar is needed and remove from the heat.To make the refried beans, heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over a medium heat. Fry the onion for 5–10 minutes, or until starting to turn golden. Add the garlic and chilli and cook for 1 minute. Add the drained pulses, coriander stalks and a tablespoon of the chipotle sauce. Cook for 10–12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the coriander leaves and parsley.To finish the roast aubergine, heat a splash of oil in a pan over a medium heat and fry the onion for 5 minutes, or until translucent. Peel and crush the remaining garlic and add to the pan. Fry for 2 minutes before adding the tomatoes, red pepper, sugar and tomato purée. Bring to the boil, season and simmer until reduced by a third. Add 5 tablespoons of the chipotle sauce, the lime juice and coriander stalks and bring back to the boil. Finally, add the roast aubergine and coriander leaves and check the seasoning.Mix all the salsa ingredients together and set aside.To make the gorditas, combine the masa harina cornflour, baking powder and a good pinch of salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the centre and slowly add the hot water until you have a workable dough. Shape into eight pieces and roll each one into a 10cm/4in circle.Heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan and fry the gorditas in batches for 2–3 minutes, turning, until golden brown. Drain on kitchen paper.Serve the gorditas with the warm aubergine sauce, refried beans, salsa and extra chipotle sauce, if you wish.