Season the venison and chicken livers with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Heat the oil in a large frying pan over a medium heat. Add the venison strips, in batches, and cook for 30 seconds, stirring regularly, until browned on all sides. Remove from the pan and set aside on a plate. Repeat the process with the remaining venison strips.Add the butter to the pan and seal the chicken livers in the same way, until browned on the outside and just pink in the middle. Standing well back and protecting your forearms, pour the Armagnac over the chicken livers and set it alight with a match. Allow the flames to flare up and die down, then set the chicken livers aside in the pan to cool.Meanwhile, line the base and sides of a 1kg/2lb 4oz loaf tin with the bacon rashers, overlapping the edges and leaving a 5cm/2in overhang around the rim.Preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4.Blend the chicken breast pieces to a fine purée in a food processor. Pour in the double cream and blend again until well combined. Season with plenty of salt and freshly ground black pepper, then transfer to a bowl and fold in the hazelnuts and cranberries.Scoop one-third of the chicken mixture into the prepared loaf tin, smoothing it into an even layer using a palette knife. Top with the venison strips. Spread over half of the remaining chicken mixture in an even layer, then sprinkle over the tarragon leaves, flambéed chicken livers and the pan juices. Top with the remaining chicken mixture, then fold the overhanging bacon over the top of the terrine to completely cover.Brush a piece of aluminium foil with oil and cover the tin with it, sealing tightly around the edges. Place the loaf tin in a deep-sided roasting tray. Pour in enough boiling water to reach halfway up the sides of the loaf tin, then carefully transfer the roasting tray to the oven and cook for 1¼–1½ hours, or until the terrine is cooked through. (To check that the terrine is cooked through, insert a skewer into the centre, then carefully touch it. If the skewer feels piping hot, the terrine is cooked through. If not, return it to the oven and cook for a further 10 minutes, then check again.)Remove the terrine from the oven and set aside to cool completely in the bain-marie. Remove from the bain-marie and chill in the fridge for at least an hour, or until needed.To serve, remove the aluminium foil, then turn out the terrine onto a serving plate. Cut into thick slices and serve with gherkins, pickles and crusty bread or toast.