For the starter dough, drain the tin of peaches/pears, reserving the juice. Place the fruit into a mixing bowl with 160ml/5fl oz of the reserved juice. Cover and leave to ferment at room temperature for two days.Transfer the fruit and juice to a blender and blend to a fine purée. Strain the purée through a sieve into a jug.Place the flour, yeast and fermented juice into a free-standing electric mixer fitted with a dough hook and mix on high speed until a smooth dough has formed.For the cider rolls, place all the ingredients, except the salt, into an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook and mix on a high speed for six minutes. Add the salt and mix on for another two minutes. Transfer the dough to a floured bowl, cover with a damp cloth and leave in a warm place to rise for 30 minutes.On a floured surface, knock back the risen dough then shape into ten rolls. Place the rolls onto a baking tray, cover with a damp cloth and leave to prove in a warm place until doubled in size, about 40 minutes.Preheat the oven to 220C/450F/Gas 7.Sprinkle the surface of the rolls with flour, then bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden brown and the bread sounds hollow when tapped on the underside.Transfer to a wire rack and leave to cool before serving.For the burger, heat a frying pan over a medium heat and add a drizzle of olive oil. Gently fry the shallots, garlic and chilies for two minutes, then remove to a plate and allow to cool.Working in two batches, blend the whiting in a food processor for one minute, then transfer to a large bowl.Add the shallot and chilli mixture, the parsley, eggs, breadcrumbs and some salt and pepper. Mix well, using your hands, until evenly mixed and well combined. (Fry a little piece of the mixture to taste for seasoning, adding salt and pepper as necessary.)Divide the mixture into 100g/3½oz balls and mould them into patties. Place onto a plate, cover and refrigerate for 20 minutes or until ready to cook.To cook the burgers, heat your oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.Heat a frying pan over a medium heat and add a good drizzle of olive oil. When hot, add the patties and fry for two minutes on each side. Transfer them to a baking tray and place in the oven for three minutes to finish cooking.For the tartare sauce, place the egg yolks, vinegar, mustard, salt and lemon juice into a food processor.Blend to combine, then with the motor still running, gradually add the rapeseed oil a little at a time.Continue until all the oil has been added and the tartare sauce has thickened.Spoon into a bowl, add the remaining ingredients and mix well.Season with black pepper and a little more salt if necessary.For the gherkin salad, mix the ingredients together then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.Split each roll in half. Drizzle the bottom halves with a little olive oil, then add some gherkin salad. Top with a whiting burger, then spoon on some tartare sauce.